Question 0: Find all c in Z_3 such that Z_3[x]/(x^2 + c) is a field.
Answer: 1

Question 1: Statement 1 | If aH is an element of a factor group, then |aH| divides |a|. Statement 2 | If H and K are subgroups of G then HK is a subgroup of G.
Answer: False, False

Question 2: Statement 1 | Every element of a group generates a cyclic subgroup of the group. Statement 2 | The symmetric group S_10 has 10 elements.
Answer: True, False

Question 3: Statement 1| Every function from a finite set onto itself must be one to one. Statement 2 | Every subgroup of an abelian group is abelian.
Answer: True, True

Question 4: Find the characteristic of the ring 2Z.
Answer: 0

Question 5: What is the embryological origin of the hyoid bone?
Answer: The second and third pharyngeal arches

Question 6: Which of these branches of the trigeminal nerve contain somatic motor processes?
Answer: None of the above

Question 7: The pleura
Answer: extend into the neck.

Question 8: In Angle's Class II Div 2 occlusion there is
Answer: excess overjet of the upper lateral incisors.

Question 9: Which of the following is the body cavity that contains the pituitary gland?
Answer: Cranial

Question 10: You are pushing a truck along a road. Would it be easier to accelerate this truck on Mars? Why? (Assume there is no friction)
Answer: It would be the same no matter where you are.

Question 11: Where do most short-period comets come from and how do we know?
Answer: The Kuiper belt; short period comets tend to be in the plane of the solar system just like the Kuiper belt.

Question 12: Say the pupil of your eye has a diameter of 5 mm and you have a telescope with an aperture of 50 cm. How much more light can the telescope gather than your eye?
Answer: 10000 times more

Question 13: Why isn't there a planet where the asteroid belt is located?
Answer: Resonance with Jupiter prevented material from collecting together to form a planet.

Question 14: Why is Mars red?
Answer: Because the surface is covered with heavily oxidized ("rusted") minerals.

Question 15: Beyond the business case for engaging in CSR there are a number of moral arguments relating to: negative _______, the _______that corporations possess and the ________ of business and society.
Answer: Externalities, Power, Mutual dependence

Question 16: _______ is the direct attempt to formally or informally manage ethical issues or problems, through specific policies, practices and programmes.
Answer: Business ethics management

Question 17: To ensure the independence of the non-executive board members, they are a number of steps which can be taken, which include non-executives being drawn from _______ the company, being appointed for a _________ time period as well as being appointed _________.
Answer: Outside, Limited, Independently

Question 18: Three contrasting tactics that CSO's can engage in to meet their aims are ________ which typically involves research and communication, ________, which may involve physically attacking a company's operations or ________, often involving some form of _______.
Answer: Indirect action, Violent direct action, Non-violent direct-action Boycott

Question 19: In contrast to _______, _______ aim to reward favourable behaviour by companies. The success of such campaigns have been heightened through the use of ___________, which allow campaigns to facilitate the company in achieving _________ .
Answer: Boycotts, Buycotts, Digital technology, Increased Sales

Question 20: The energy for all forms of muscle contraction is provided by:
Answer: ATP.

Question 21: What is the difference between a male and a female catheter?
Answer: Male catheters are longer than female catheters.

Question 22: In the assessment of the hand function which of the following is true?
Answer: Opposition of the thumb by opponens policis is supplied by spinal root T1

Question 23: How many attempts should you make to cannulate a patient before passing the job on to a senior colleague, according to the medical knowledge of 2020?
Answer: 2

Question 24: Glycolysis is the name given to the pathway involving the conversion of:
Answer: glycogen or glucose to pyruvate or lactate.

Question 25: Which of the following represents an accurate statement concerning arthropods?
Answer: They possess an open circulatory system with a dorsal heart.

Question 26: In a given population, 1 out of every 400 people has a cancer caused by a completely recessive allele, b. Assuming the population is in Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium, which of the following is the expected proportion of individuals who carry the b allele but are not expected to develop the cancer?
Answer: 38/400

Question 27: The presence of homologous structures in two different organisms, such as the humerus in the front limb of a human and a bird, indicates that
Answer: the human and bird belong to a clade

Question 28: According to the pressure-flow model of movement of phloem contents, photosynthate movement from source to sink is driven by
Answer: a water-pressure potential gradient

Question 29: Which of the following contain DNA sequences required for the segregation of chromosomes in mitosis and meiosis?
Answer: Centromeres

Question 30: Which of the following statements about the lanthanide elements is NOT true?
Answer: The atomic radii of the lanthanide elements increase across the period from La to Lu.

Question 31: A 0.217 g sample of HgO (molar mass = 217 g) reacts with excess iodide ions according to the reaction shown above. Titration of the resulting solution requires how many mL of 0.10 M HCl to reach equivalence point?
Answer: 20 mL

Question 32: Predict the number of lines in the EPR spectrum of a solution of 13C-labelled methyl radical (13CH3•), assuming the lines do not overlap.
Answer: 4

Question 33: 3 Cl−(aq) + 4 CrO_4^2−(aq) + 23 H+(aq) → 3 HClO2(aq) + 4 Cr3+(aq) + 10 H2O(l). In the reaction shown above, Cl−(aq) behaves as
Answer: a reducing agent

Question 34: Which of the following lists the hydrides of group-14 elements in order of thermal stability, from lowest to highest?
Answer: PbH4 < SnH4 < GeH4 < SiH4 < CH4

Question 35: Which of the following regular expressions is equivalent to (describes the same set of strings as) (a* + b)*(c + d)?
Answer: (a + b)*c +(a + b)*d

Question 36: A certain pipelined RISC machine has 8 general-purpose registers R0, R1, . . . , R7 and supports the following operations.
ADD Rs1, Rs2, Rd Add Rs1 to Rs2 and put the sum in Rd
MUL Rs1, Rs2, Rd Multiply Rs1 by Rs2 and put the product in Rd
An operation normally takes one cycle; however, an operation takes two cycles if it produces a result required by the immediately following operation in an operation sequence. Consider the expression AB + ABC + BC, where variables A, B, C are located in registers R0, R1, R2. If the contents of these three registers must not be modified, what is the minimum number of clock cycles required for an operation sequence that computes the value of AB + ABC + BC?
Answer: 6

Question 37: The Singleton design pattern is used to guarantee that only a single instance of a class may be instantiated. Which of the following is (are) true of this design pattern?
I. The Singleton class has a static factory method to provide its instance.
II. The Singleton class can be a subclass of another class.
III. The Singleton class has a private constructor.
Answer: I, II, and III

Question 38: A compiler generates code for the following assignment statement.
G := (A + B) * C - (D + E) * F
The target machine has a single accumulator and a single-address instruction set consisting of instructions load, store, add, subtract, and multiply. For the arithmetic operations, the left operand is taken from the accumulator and the result appears in the accumulator. The smallest possible number of instructions in the resulting code is
Answer: 9

Question 39: Consider a computer design in which multiple processors, each with a private cache memory, share global memory using a single bus. This bus is the critical system resource. Each processor can execute one instruction every 500 nanoseconds as long as memory references are satisfied by its local cache. When a cache miss occurs, the processor is delayed for an additional 2,000 nanoseconds. During half of this additional delay, the bus is dedicated to serving the cache miss. During the other half, the processor cannot continue, but the bus is free to service requests from other processors. On average, each instruction requires 2 memory references. On average, cache misses occur on 1 percent of references. What proportion of the capacity of the bus would a single processor consume, ignoring delays due to competition from other processors?
Answer: 1/27

Question 40: Let V be the set of all real polynomials p(x). Let transformations T, S be defined on V by T:p(x) -> xp(x) and S:p(x) -> p'(x) = d/dx p(x), and interpret (ST)(p(x)) as S(T(p(x))). Which of the following is true?
Answer: ST - TS is the identity map of V onto itself.

Question 41: A tank initially contains a salt solution of 3 grams of salt dissolved in 100 liters of water. A salt solution containing 0.02 grams of salt per liter of water is sprayed into the tank at a rate of 4 liters per minute. The sprayed solution is continually mixed with the salt solution in the tank, and the mixture flows out of the tank at a rate of 4 liters per minute. If the mixing is instantaneous, how many grams of salt are in the tank after 100 minutes have elapsed?
Answer: 2 + e^-4

Question 42: Let A be a real 2x2 matrix. Which of the following statements must be true?
I. All of the entries of A^2 are nonnegative.
II. The determinant of A^2 is nonnegative.
III. If A has two distinct eigenvalues, then A^2 has two distinct eigenvalues.
Answer: II only

Question 43: Suppose that f(1 + x) = f(x) for all real x. If f is a polynomial and f(5) = 11, then f(15/2)
Answer: 11

Question 44: Let A be the set of all ordered pairs of integers (m, n) such that 7m + 12n = 22. What is the greatest negative number in the set B = {m + n : (m, n) \in A}?
Answer: -4

Question 45: Glucose is transported into the muscle cell:
Answer: via protein transporters called GLUT4.

Question 46: Which of the following is not a true statement?
Answer: Insulin promotes glucose uptake by all tissues in the body

Question 47: In a genetic test of a newborn, a rare genetic disorder is found that has X-linked recessive transmission. Which of the following statements is likely true regarding the pedigree of this disorder?
Answer: All daughters of an affected male will be affected.

Question 48: A high school science teacher fills a 1 liter bottle with pure nitrogen and seals the lid. The pressure is 1.70 atm, and the room temperature is 25°C. Which two variables will both increase the pressure of the system, if all other variables are held constant?
Answer: Increasing temperature, increasing moles of gas

Question 49: An expected side effect of creatine supplementation is:
Answer: gain in body mass.

Question 50: A refracting telescope consists of two converging lenses separated by 100 cm. The eye-piece lens has a focal length of 20 cm. The angular magnification of the telescope is
Answer: 4

Question 51: For which of the following thermodynamic processes is the increase in the internal energy of an ideal gas equal to the heat added to the gas?
Answer: Constant volume

Question 52: One end of a Nichrome wire of length 2L and cross-sectional area A is attached to an end of another Nichrome wire of length L and cross- sectional area 2A. If the free end of the longer wire is at an electric potential of 8.0 volts, and the free end of the shorter wire is at an electric potential of 1.0 volt, the potential at the junction of the two wires is most nearly equal to
Answer: 2.4 V

Question 53: A refracting telescope consists of two converging lenses separated by 100 cm. The eye-piece lens has a focal length of 20 cm. The angular magnification of the telescope is
Answer: 4

Question 54: The muon decays with a characteristic lifetime of about 10^-6 second into an electron, a muon neutrino, and an electron antineutrino. The muon is forbidden from decaying into an electron and just a single neutrino by the law of conservation of
Answer: lepton number

Question 55: SHA-1 has a message digest of
Answer: 160 bits

Question 56: _____________ can modify data on your system – so that your system doesn’t run correctly or you can no longer access specific data, or it may even ask for ransom in order to give your access.
Answer: Ransom Trojan

Question 57: What is ethical hacking?
Answer: Hacking systems (e.g., during penetration testing) to expose vulnerabilities so they can be fixed, rather than exploited

Question 58: Exploitation of the Heartbleed bug permits
Answer: a read outside bounds of a buffer

Question 59: The ____________ is anything which your search engine cannot search.
Answer: Deep Web

Question 60: Compared with the mass of a uranium atom undergoing fission, the combined masses of the products after fission are
Answer: less

Question 61: Things that are equivalent according to the equivalence principle are
Answer: gravity and acceleration.

Question 62: Colors in a soap bubble result from light
Answer: interference

Question 63: A model airplane flies slower when flying into the wind and faster with wind at its back. When launched at right angles to the wind a cross wind its groundspeed compared with flying in still air is
Answer: greater

Question 64: Which of these three elements has the most mass per nucleon?
Answer: Hydrogen

Question 65: For a stationary autoregressive process, shocks will
Answer: Eventually die away

Question 66: Consider the following AR(1) model with the disturbances having zero mean and unit variance

yt = 0.2 + 0.4 yt-1 + ut

The (unconditional) mean of y will be given by
Answer: 0.33

Question 67: Suppose that a test statistic has associated with it a p-value of 0.08. Which one of the following statements is true?

(i) If the size of the test were exactly 8%, we would be indifferent between rejecting and not rejecting the null hypothesis

(ii) The null would be rejected if a 10% size of test were used

(iii) The null would not be rejected if a 1% size of test were used

(iv) The null would be rejected if a 5% size of test were used.
Answer: (i), (ii), and (iii) only

Question 68: What would be then consequences for the OLS estimator if heteroscedasticity is present in a regression model but ignored?
Answer: It will be inefficient

Question 69: Suppose now that a researcher wishes to use information criteria to determine the optimal lag length for a VAR. 500 observations are available for the bi-variate VAR, and the values of the determinant of the variance-covariance matrix of residuals are 0.0336, 0.0169, 0.0084, and 0.0062 for 1, 2, 3, and 4 lags respectively. What is the optimal model order according to Akaike's information criterion?
Answer: 3 lags

Question 70: In an SR latch built from NOR gates, which condition is not allowed
Answer: S=1, R=1

Question 71: In a 2 pole lap winding dc machine , the resistance of one conductor is 2Ω and total number of conductors is 100. Find the total resistance
Answer: 50Ω

Question 72: The coil of a moving coil meter has 100 turns, is 40 mm long and 30 mm wide. The control torque is 240*10-6 N-m on full scale. If magnetic flux density is 1Wb/m2 range of meter is
Answer: 2 mA.

Question 73: Two long parallel conductors carry 100 A. If the conductors are separated by 20 mm, the force per meter of length of each conductor will be
Answer: 0.1 N.

Question 74: A point pole has a strength of 4π * 10^-4 weber. The force in newtons on a point pole of 4π * 1.5 * 10^-4 weber placed at a distance of 10 cm from it will be
Answer: 15 N.

Question 75: The population of the city where Michelle was born is 145,826. What is the value of the 5 in the number 145,826?
Answer: 5 thousands

Question 76: Olivia used the rule "Add 11" to create the number pattern shown below. 10, 21, 32, 43, 54 Which statement about the number pattern is true?
Answer: The number pattern will never have two even numbers next to each other.

Question 77: A total of 30 players will play basketball at a park. There will be exactly 5 players on each team. Which statement correctly explains how to find the number of teams needed?
Answer: Divide 30 by 5 to find 6 teams.

Question 78: A store sells 107 different colors of paint. They have 25 cans of each color in storage. The number of cans of paint the store has in storage can be found using the expression below. 107 × 25. How many cans of paint does the store have in storage?
Answer: 2,675

Question 79: Which expression is equivalent to 5 x 9?
Answer: (5 x 5) + (5 x 4)

Question 80:  Select the best translation into predicate logic: No people drive on Mars.
Answer: (∀x)(Px ⊃ ~Dx)

Question 81: Select the best translation into predicate logic.George borrows Hector's lawnmower. (g: George; h: Hector; l: Hector's lawnmower; Bxyx: x borrows y from z)
Answer: Bglh

Question 82:  Select the best English interpretation of the given arguments in predicate logic.
Dm
(∀x)(Wx ⊃ ~Dx)
(∀x)Wx ∨ Ag	/ (∃x)Ax
Answer: Marina is a dancer. No weakling is a dancer. Either everything is a weakling or Georgia plays volleyball. So something plays volleyball.

Question 83:  Construct a complete truth table for the following pairs of propositions. Then, using the truth tables, determine whether the statements are logically equivalent or contradictory. If neither, determine whether they are consistent or inconsistent. Justify your answers.
E ⊃ (F · E) and ~E · F
Answer: Neither logically equivalent nor contradictory, but consistent

Question 84:  Which of the given formulas of PL is the best symbolization of the following sentence?
Turtles live long lives and are happy creatures, unless they are injured.
Answer: (L • H) ∨ I

Question 85: Which of the following pairs of statements are both true (as of 2019)?
Answer: People tend to be optimistic about their own future but pessimistic about the future of their nation or the world.

Question 86: As of 2019, about what percentage of Americans agree that the state is run for the benefit of all the people?
Answer: 46%

Question 87: As of 2015, since 1990 forests have ____ in Europe and have ____ in Africa and the Americas.
Answer: increased, decreased

Question 88: As of 2019, about what percentage of Russians say it is very important to have free media in our country without government/state censorship?
Answer: 38%

Question 89: As of 2017, how many of the world’s 1-year-old children today have been vaccinated against some disease? *
Answer: 80%

Question 90: Which of the following is not a way to form recombinant DNA?
Answer: Translation

Question 91: A mutation in a bacterial enzyme changed a previously polar amino acid into a nonpolar amino acid. This amino acid was located at a site distant from the enzyme’s active site. How might this mutation alter the enzyme’s substrate specificity?
Answer: By changing the shape of the protein

Question 92: In animal cells, which of the following represents the most likely pathway that a secretory protein takes as it is synthesized in a cell?
Answer: Ribosome–rough ER–Golgi apparatus–secretory vesicle–plasma membrane

Question 93: Which of the following is not known to be involved in the control of cell division?
Answer: Fibroblast cells

Question 94: Homologous structures are often cited as evidence for the process of natural selection. All of the following are examples of homologous structures EXCEPT
Answer: the forelegs of an insect and the forelimbs of a dog

Question 95: Which of the following is considered an acid anhydride?
Answer: SO2

Question 96: Which of the following is expected to be a polar molecule?
Answer: PCl4F

Question 97: From the solubility rules, which of the following is true?
Answer: All ammonium-containing compounds are soluble

Question 98: A new compound is synthesized and found to be a monoprotic acid with a molar mass of 248 g/mol. When 0.0050 mol of this acid are dissolved in 0.500 L of water, the pH is measured as 3.89. What is the pKa of this acid?
Answer: 5.78

Question 99: A solution contains 2.00 mole of acetic acid, CH3COOH, and 1.00 mole of calcium acetate, Ca(CH3COO)2. The solution is able to resist the addition of a small amount of strong acid or strong base with only minor changes in the pH of the solution. Larger quantities of strong acid or strong base can cause a significant change in pH. How many moles of nitric acid, HNO3, may be added before the pH begins to change significantly?
Answer: 2.00 mole

Question 100: Which of the following is an example of the use of a device on the Internet of Things (IoT) ?
Answer: A refrigerator orders milk from an online delivery service when the milk in the refrigerator is almost gone.

Question 101: Many Web browsers allow users to open anonymous windows. During a browsing session in an anonymous window, the browser does not record a browsing history or a list of downloaded files. When the anonymous window is exited, cookies created during the session are deleted. Which of the following statements about browsing sessions in an anonymous window is true?
Answer: Items placed in a Web store's shopping cart for future purchase during the anonymous browsing session will not be saved on the user's computer.

Question 102: What is the output of "abc"[::-1] in Python 3?
Answer: cba

Question 103: In the program below, the initial value of x is 5 and the initial value of y is 10.
 IF (X < O)
 {
 DISPLAY ("Foxtrot")
 }
 ELSE
 {
 IF (X > y)
 {
   DISPLAY ("Hotel")
 }
 ELSE 
 {
   IF (y > O)
   {
   DISPLAY ("November")
   }
   ELSE
   {
   DISPLAY ("Yankee")
   }
 }
 }
 
 What is displayed as a result of running the program?
Answer: November

Question 104: A list of numbers has n elements, indexed from 1 to n. The following algorithm is intended to display the number of elements in the list that have a value greater than 100. The algorithm uses the variables count and position. Steps 3 and 4 are missing.
 Step 1: Set count to 0 and position to 1.
 Step 2: If the value of the element at index position is greater
 than 100, increase the value of count by 1.
 Step 3: (missing step)
 Step 4: (missing step)
 Step 5: Display the value of count.
 Which of the following could be used to replace steps 3 and 4 so that the algorithm works as intended?
Answer: Step 3: Repeat step 2 until the value of position is greater than n.
 Step 4: Increase the value of count by 1.

Question 105: This question refers to the following information.
The following excerpt is from a pamphlet.
You will do me the justice to remember, that I have always strenuously supported the Right of every man to his own opinion, however different that opinion might be to mine. He who denies to another this right, makes a slave of himself to his present opinion, because he precludes himself the right of changing it.
The most formidable weapon against errors of every kind is Reason. I have never used any other, and I trust I never shall.
The circumstance that has now taken place in France of the total abolition of the whole national order of priesthood, and of everything appertaining to compulsive systems of religion, and compulsive articles of faith, has not only precipitated my intention, but rendered a work of this kind exceedingly necessary, lest in the general wreck of superstition, of false systems of government, and false theology, we lose sight of morality, of humanity, and of the theology that is true.
I believe in one God, and no more; and I hope for happiness beyond this life.
I believe in the equality of man; and I believe that religious duties consist in doing justice, loving mercy, and endeavoring to make our fellow-creatures happy.
I do not believe in the creed professed by the Jewish church, by the Roman church, by the Greek church, by the Turkish church, by the Protestant church, nor by any church that I know of. My own mind is my own church.
All national institutions of churches, whether Jewish, Christian or Turkish, appear to me no other than human inventions, set up to terrify and enslave mankind, and monopolize power and profit.
I do not mean by this declaration to condemn those who believe otherwise; they have the same right to their belief as I have to mine.
—Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason, 1794–1795
Which of the following Enlightenment philosophes designed a system of checks and balances for government to avoid abuses of power?
Answer: Baron Montesquieu

Question 106: This question refers to the following information.
Read the following excerpt.
The revolutionary seed had penetrated into every country and spread more or less. It was greatly developed under the régime of the military despotism of Bonaparte. His conquests displaced a number of laws, institutions, and customs; broke through bonds sacred among all nations, strong enough to resist time itself; which is more than can be said of certain benefits conferred by these innovators.
The monarchs will fulfil the duties imposed upon them by Him who, by entrusting them with power, has charged them to watch over the maintenance of justice, and the rights of all, to avoid the paths of error, and tread firmly in the way of truth. Placed beyond the passions which agitate society, it is in days of trial chiefly that they are called upon to despoil realities of their false appearances, and to show themselves as they are, fathers invested with the authority belonging by right to the heads of families, to prove that, in days of mourning, they know how to be just, wise, and therefore strong, and that they will not abandon the people whom they ought to govern to be the sport of factions, to error and its consequences, which must involve the loss of society.
Union between the monarchs is the basis of the policy which must now be followed to save society from total ruin. . . .
Let them not confound concessions made to parties with the good they ought to do for their people, in modifying, according to their recognized needs, such branches of the administration as require it.
Let them be just, but strong; beneficent, but strict.
Let them maintain religious principles in all their purity, and not allow the faith to be attacked and morality interpreted according to the social contract or the visions of foolish sectarians.
Let them suppress Secret Societies; that gangrene of society.
—Klemens von Metternich, Political Confession of Faith, 1820
Which of the following was the greatest cause of the fears expressed by Metternich in the document above?
Answer: The ideas of personal liberty and nationalism conceived during the Enlightenment resulted in radical revolutions that could spread throughout Europe.

Question 107: This question refers to the following information.
In Russia there was nothing going on well, and [Souvarine] was in despair over the news he had received. His old companions were all turning to the politicians; the famous Nihilists who made Europe tremble-sons of village priests, of the lower middle class, of tradesmen-could not rise above the idea of national liberation, and seemed to believe that the world would be delivered-when they had killed their despot&…
"Foolery! They'll never get out of it with their foolery."
Then, lowering his voice still more, in a few bitter words he described his old dream of fraternity. He had renounced his rank and his fortune; he had gone among workmen, only in the hope of seeing at last the foundation of a new society of labour in common. All the sous in his pockets had long gone to the urchins of the settlement; he had been as tender as a brother with the colliers, smiling at their suspicion, winning them over by his quiet workmanlike ways and his dislike of chattering. But decidedly the fusion had not taken place.
His voice changed, his eyes grew bright, he fixed them on étienne, directly addressing him:
"Now, do you understand that? These hatworkers at Marseilles who have won the great lottery prize of a hundred thousand francs have gone off at once and invested it, declaring that they are going to live without doing anything! Yes, that is your idea, all of you French workmen; you want to unearth a treasure in order to devour it alone afterwards in some lazy, selfish corner. You may cry out as much as you like against the rich, you haven't got courage enough to give back to the poor the money that luck brings you. You will never be worthy of happiness as long as you own anything, and your hatred of the bourgeois proceeds solely from an angry desire to be bourgeois yourselves in their place."
émile Zola, French writer, Germinal, 1885
The passage displays the direct concern for the welfare of the working classes that was typically a part of which movement?
Answer: Communist

Question 108: This question refers to the following information.
The excerpts below are from the Navigation Acts of 1651.
[A]fter the first day of December, one thousand six hundred fifty and one, and from thence forwards, no goods or commodities whatsoever of the growth, production or manufacture of Asia, Africa or America, or of any part thereof; or of any islands belonging to them, or which are described or laid down in the usual maps or cards of those places, as well of the English plantations as others, shall be imported or brought into this Commonwealth of England, or into Ireland, or any other lands, islands, plantations, or territories to this Commonwealth belonging, or in their possession, in any other ship or ships, vessel or vessels whatsoever, but only in such as do truly and without fraud belong only to the people of this Commonwealth, or the plantations thereof, as the proprietors or right owners thereof; and whereof the master and mariners are also of the people of this Commonwealth, under the penalty of the forfeiture and loss of all the goods that shall be imported contrary to this act, , , ,
[N]o goods or commodities of the growth, production, or manufacture of Europe, or of any part thereof, shall after the first day of December, one thousand six hundred fifty and one, be imported or brought into this Commonwealth of England, or any other lands or territories to this Commonwealth belonging, or in their possession, in any ship or ships, vessel or vessels whatsoever, but in such as do truly and without fraud belong only to the people of this Commonwealth, and in no other, except only such foreign ships and vessels as do truly and properly belong to the people of that country or place, of which the said goods are the growth, production or manufacture.
Which of the following best describes the outcome of the Navigation Acts of 1651?
Answer: They served as a catalyst for the growth of English shipping and overseas trade, but did little to limit the prospects of the Dutch in the seventeenth century.

Question 109: This question refers to the following information.
Albeit the king's Majesty justly and rightfully is and ought to be the supreme head of the Church of England, and so is recognized by the clergy of this realm in their convocations, yet nevertheless, for corroboration and confirmation thereof, and for increase of virtue in Christ's religion within this realm of England, and to repress and extirpate all errors, heresies, and other enormities and abuses heretofore used in the same, be it enacted, by authority of this present Parliament, that the king, our sovereign lord, his heirs and successors, kings of this realm, shall be taken, accepted, and reputed the only supreme head in earth of the Church of England, called Anglicans Ecclesia; and shall have and enjoy, annexed and united to the imperial crown of this realm, as well the title and style thereof, as all honors, dignities, preeminences, jurisdictions, privileges, authorities, immunities, profits, and commodities to the said dignity of the supreme head of the same Church belonging and appertaining; and that our said sovereign lord, his heirs and successors, kings of this realm, shall have full power and authority from time to time to visit, repress, redress, record, order, correct, restrain, and amend all such errors, heresies, abuses, offenses, contempts, and enormities, whatsoever they be, which by any manner of spiritual authority or jurisdiction ought or may lawfully be reformed, repressed, ordered, redressed, corrected, restrained, or amended, most to the pleasure of Almighty God, the increase of virtue in Christ's religion, and for the conservation of the peace, unity, and tranquility of this realm; any usage, foreign land, foreign authority, prescription, or any other thing or things to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.
English Parliament, Act of Supremacy, 1534
From the passage, one may infer that the English Parliament wished to argue that the Act of Supremacy would
Answer: end various forms of corruption plaguing the Church in England

Question 110: The rate of natural increase of a population is found by subtracting the
Answer: crude death rate from the crude birth date.

Question 111: During the third stage of the demographic transition model, which of the following is true?
Answer: Birth rates decline and population growth rate is less rapid.

Question 112: Which of the following statements is NOT accurate regarding the services provided by local governments in the United States?
Answer: One neighborhood's efforts to reduce pollution are always supported by neighboring communities.

Question 113: The practice of hiring a foreign third-party service provider to run an operation is called
Answer: offshoring.

Question 114: Which one of the following items is an example of nonmaterial culture?
Answer: Dove symbol

Question 115: Uncertainty over the limits to presidential power is caused primarily by the fact that
Answer: the constitutional definition of those powers is broad and unspecific

Question 116: The term "budget deficit" refers to the
Answer: amount the government spends in excess of its revenues

Question 117: Which of the following cases established the precedent that a defendant must be informed of the right to remain silent, the right to a lawyer, and protection from self-incrimination?
Answer: Miranda v. Arizona

Question 118: Which of the following statements about cabinet departments is FALSE?
Answer: They cannot all be run by leaders who belong to the same political party the president does.

Question 119: Which of the following best states an argument made by James Madison in The Federalist number 10?
Answer: The negative effects of factionalism can be reduced by a republican government.

Question 120: Which of the following is not included in the U.S. GDP?
Answer: An American pop singer performs a sold-out concert in Paris.

Question 121: The short-run Phillips curve indicates a
Answer: inverse relation between unemployment and inflation

Question 122: A federal deficit occurs when
Answer: federal spending exceeds federal tax revenues.

Question 123: Holding all else equal which of the following monetary policies would be used to boost U.S. exports?
Answer: Buying government securities

Question 124: Which of the following policies best describes supply-side fiscal policy?
Answer: Lower taxes on research and development of new technology

Question 125: Joe was in charge of lights for a dance. The red light blinks every two seconds, the yellow light every three seconds, and the blue light every five seconds. If we include the very beginning and very end of the dance, how many times during a seven minute dance will all the lights come on at the same time? (Assume that all three lights blink simultaneously at the very beginning of the dance.)
Answer: 15

Question 126: Five thousand dollars compounded annually at an $x\%$ interest rate takes six years to double. At the same interest rate, how many years will it take $\$300$ to grow to $\$9600$?
Answer: 30

Question 127: The variable $x$ varies directly as the square of $y$, and $y$ varies directly as the cube of $z$. If $x$ equals $-16$ when $z$ equals 2, what is the value of $x$ when $z$ equals $\frac{1}{2}$?
Answer: -\frac{1}{256}

Question 128: Simplify and write the result with a rational denominator: $$\sqrt{\sqrt[3]{\sqrt{\frac{1}{729}}}}$$
Answer: \frac{\sqrt{3}}{3}

Question 129: Ten students take a biology test and receive the following scores: 45, 55, 50, 70, 65, 80, 40, 90, 70, 85. What is the mean of the students’ test scores?
Answer: 65

Question 130: In a competitive labor market for housepainters, which of the following would increase the demand for housepainters?
Answer: An increase in the construction of new houses.

Question 131: If the government subsidizes producers in a perfectly competitive market, then
Answer: the consumer surplus will increase

Question 132: The concentration ratio for a monopoly is
Answer: 100

Question 133: Which of the following is true of a price floor?
Answer: To be an effective floor, it must be set above the equilibrium price.

Question 134: Which of the following is necessarily a characteristic of oligopoly?
Answer: A few large producers

Question 135: Which of the following conditions will ensure that angular momentum is conserved? I. Conservation of linear momentum II. Zero net external force III. Zero net external torque
Answer: III only

Question 136: A pipe full of air is closed at one end. A standing wave is produced in the pipe, causing the pipe to sound a note. Which of the following is a correct statement about the wave’s properties at the closed end of the pipe?
Answer: The pressure is at an antinode, but the particle displacement is at a node.

Question 137: A photocell of work function ϕ = 2eV is connected to a resistor in series. Light of frequency f = 1 × 10^15 Hz hits a metal plate of the photocell. If the power of the light is P = 100 W, what is the current through the resistor?
Answer: 24 A

Question 138: A microwave oven is connected to an outlet, 120 V, and draws a current of 2 amps. At what rate is energy being used by the microwave oven?
Answer: 240 W

Question 139: A point charge, Q = +1 mC, is fixed at the origin. How much work is required to move a charge, Q = +8 µC, from the point (0, 4 meters) to the point (3 meters, 0)?
Answer: 6.0 J

Question 140: Ani believes that her attitudes and behavior play a central role in what happens to her. Such a belief is likely to be associated with
Answer: an internal locus of control.

Question 141: According to Caplan's model of consultee-centered case consultation, the consultant is primarily interested in
Answer: identifying and eliminating the causes of the consultee's difficulties in handling a problem

Question 142: While swimming in the ocean, Ivan is frightened by a dark shadow in the water even before he has the chance to identify what the shadow is. The synaptic connections taking place during this incident of fright are best described by which of the following?
Answer: Messages are sent from the thalamus directly to the amygdala.

Question 143: According to the Individuals with Disabilities Education Improvement Act, which of the following must an educational agency do before it changes the educational placement of a student with a disability?
Answer: Notify the parents in writing

Question 144: Pascale is interested in the processing strategies children use to learn new information. Pascale would best be classified as what type of psychologist?
Answer: cognitive

Question 145: Which of the following is a correct statement about correlation?
Answer: The correlation r is equal to the slope of the regression line when z-scores for the y-variable are plotted against z-scores for the x-variable.

Question 146: Suppose X and Y are random variables with E(X) = 37, var(X) = 5, E(Y) = 62, and var(Y) = 12. What are the expected value and variance of the random variable X + Y?
Answer: There is insufficient information to answer this question.

Question 147: After a frost warning was issued, the owner of a large orange grove asked his workers to spray all his trees with water. The water was supposed to freeze and form a protective covering of ice around the orange blossom. Nevertheless, the owner suspected that some trees suffered considerable damage due to the frost. To estimate the proportion of trees that suffered more than 50 percent damage due to the frost, he took a random sample of 100 trees from his grove. What is the response variable in this experiment?
Answer: For each sampled tree, whether it suffered more than 50 percent damage or at most 50 percent damage.

Question 148: A new smartwatch is manufactured in one part of a factory, then secured for shipping in another, independent part of the factory. The weight of the smartwatch has a mean of 62 grams and a standard deviation of 1.0 grams. The weight of the packaging (box, user's guide, bubble wrap, etc.) has a mean of 456 grams and a standard deviation of 6 grams. Together, the distribution of the weight of the smartwatch and its packaging would have the following mean and standard deviation:
Answer: Mean 518 grams; standard deviation 6.1 grams

Question 149: Which of the following sets has the smallest standard deviation? Which has the largest?
I: {1,2,3}
II: {-10,10}
III: {100}

Answer: III, II

Question 150: This question refers to the following information.
"Society in every state is a blessing, but government even in its best state is but a necessary evil; in its worst state an intolerable one; for when we suffer, or are exposed to the same miseries by a government, which we might expect in a country without government, our calamity is heightened by reflecting that we furnish the means by which we suffer. Government, like dress, is the badge of lost innocence; the palaces of kings are built on the ruins of the bowers of paradise. For were the impulses of conscience clear, uniform, and irresistibly obeyed, man would need no other lawgiver; but that not being the case, he finds it necessary to surrender up a part of his property to furnish means for the protection of the rest; and this he is induced to do by the same prudence which in every other case advises him out of two evils to choose the least. Wherefore, security being the true design and end of government, it unanswerably follows that whatever form thereof appears most likely to ensure it to us, with the least expense and greatest benefit, is preferable to all others."
Thomas Paine, Common Sense, 1776
Which of the following "miseries" alluded to above were most condemned by Anti-Federalists of the post-Revolutionary era?
Answer: Federal response to the Whiskey Rebellion

Question 151: This question refers to the following information.
"As our late Conduct at the Conestoga Manor and Lancaster have occasioned much Speculation & a great diversity of Sentiments in this and neighboring Governments; some vindicating & others condemning it; some charitably alleviating the Crime, & others maliciously painting it in the most odious & detestable Colours, we think it our duty to lay before the Publick, the whole Matter as it appeared, & still appears, to us. . . .
"If these things are not sufficient to prove an unjustifiable Attachment in the Quakers to the Indians Savages, a fixed Resolution to befriend them & an utter insensibility to human Distresses, let us consider a few more recent Facts. When we found the last Summer that we were likely to get no Assistance from the Government, some Volunteers went out at our own Expense, determined to drive our Enemies from our Borders; & when we came near to the great Island, we understood that a Number of their Warriors had gone out against our Frontiers. Upon this we returned and came up with them and fought with them at the Munfey Hill where we lost some of our Men & killed some of their Warriors & thereby saved our Frontiers from this Story in another Expedition. But no sooner had we destroyed their Provisions on the great Island, & ruined their trade with the good People at Bethlehem, but these very Indians, who were justly suspected of having murdered our Friends in Northampton County, were by the Influence of some Quakers taken under the Protection of the Government to screen them from the Resentments of the Friends and Relations of the Murdered, & to support them thro the Winter."
—"Apology of the Paxton Boys" (pamphlet), 1764 (Note: "apology" in this context should be read as an explanation, not an admission of guilt or regret.)
The sentiments expressed in the explanation above reflect which of the ongoing tensions during the colonial period of American history?
Answer: Tensions between backcountry settlers and elites within colonial America.

Question 152: This question refers to the following information.
"In the new Code of Laws which I suppose it will be necessary for you to make I desire you would Remember the Ladies, and be more generous and favorable to them than your ancestors. Do not put such unlimited power into the hands of the Husbands. Remember all Men would be tyrants if they could. If particular care and attention is not paid to the Ladies we are determined to foment a Rebellion, and will not hold ourselves bound by any Laws in which we have no voice, or Representation."
Abigail Adams, in a letter to John Adams, 1776
"Special legislation for woman has placed us in a most anomalous position. Women invested with the rights of citizens in one section—voters, jurors, office-holders—crossing an imaginary line, are subjects in the next. In some States, a married woman may hold property and transact business in her own name; in others, her earnings belong to her husband. In some States, a woman may testify against her husband, sue and be sued in the courts; in others, she has no redress in case of damage to person, property, or character. In case of divorce on account of adultery in the husband, the innocent wife is held to possess no right to children or property, unless by special decree of the court. But in no State of the Union has the wife the right to her own person, or to any part of the joint earnings of the co-partnership during the life of her husband. In some States women may enter the law schools and practice in the courts; in others they are forbidden. In some universities girls enjoy equal educational advantages with boys, while many of the proudest institutions in the land deny them admittance, though the sons of China, Japan and Africa are welcomed there. But the privileges already granted in the several States are by no means secure."
Susan B. Anthony, "Declaration of Rights for Women," July 4, 1876
The sentiments expressed in the second excerpt by Susan B. Anthony are most likely in support of
Answer: universal suffrage

Question 153: This question refers to the following information.
Our leaders talk about stopping aggression from the north, but this was a struggle among groups of Vietnamese until we intervened. We seem bent upon saving the Vietnamese from Ho Chi Minh even if we have to kill them and demolish their country to do it. As the native people survey bombed-out villages, women and children burned by napalm, rice crops destroyed and cities overrun with our military personnel, they are doubtless saying secretly of the Vietcong guerillas and of the American forces, "A plague on both your houses." … Stop the bombing, north and south, end search and destroy offensive sweeps, and confine our military action to holding operations on the ground. Bombing the north has failed to halt or seriously check the flow of troops to the south and may, in fact, have prompted a much greater war effort by Hanoi.
—Senator George McGovern, "The Lessons of Vietnam," April 25, 1967
Which of the following opinions from the 1960s most directly reflects the perspective of George McGovern's speech?
Answer: American bombing in Vietnam is a failure.

Question 154: This question refers to the following information.
I come not to urge personal claims, nor to seek individual benefits; I appear as the advocate of those who cannot plead their own cause; I come as the friend of those who are deserted, oppressed, and desolate. In the Providence of God, I am the voice of the maniac whose piercing cries from the dreary dungeons of your jails penetrate not your Halls of Legislation. I am the Hope of the poor crazed beings who pine in the cells, and stalls, and cages, and waste rooms of your poor-houses. I am the Revelation of hundreds of wailing, suffering creatures, hidden in your private dwellings, and in pens and cabins—shut out, cut off from all healing influences, from all mind-restoring cares.… Could their melancholy histories be spread before you as revealed to my grieved spirit during the last three months, how promptly, how earnestly would you search out the most approved means of relief; how trifling, how insignificant, by comparison, would appear the sacrifices you are asked to make; how would a few dimes and dollars, gathered from each citizen, diminish in value as a possession, compared with the certain benefits and vast good to be secured for the suffering insane...by the consecration and application of a sufficient fund to the construction of a suitable hospital.…
—Dorothea Dix, Memorial Soliciting a State Hospital for the Protection and Cure of the Insane,
Submitted to the General Assembly of North Carolina, November 1848
Dorothea Dix can best be compared to whom?
Answer: Clara Barton

Question 155: This question refers to the following information.
He contains all works and desires and all perfumes and all tastes. He enfolds the whole universe and in silence is loving to all. This is the Spirit that is in my heart, this is Brahman. To him I shall come when I go beyond this life, and to him will come he who has faith and doubts not.
—The Upanishads, India, c. 1000 BCE
To which religion does the speaker most likely belong?
Answer: Hinduism

Question 156: This question refers to the following information.
"The struggle against neo-colonialism is not aimed at excluding the capital of the developed world from operating in less developed countries. It is aimed at preventing the financial power of the developed countries being used in such a way as to impoverish the less developed.
Non-alignment, as practiced by Ghana and many other countries, is based on co-operation with all States whether they be capitalist, socialist or have a mixed economy. Such a policy, therefore, involves foreign investment from capitalist countries, but it must be invested in accordance with a national plan drawn up by the government of the non-aligned State with its own interests in mind. The issue is not what return the foreign investor receives on his investments…The question is one of power. A State in the grip of neo-colonialism is not master of its own destiny."
Kwame Nkrumah, Neo-Colonialism, 1965
Which of the following provides the best context for Nkrumah's writings?
Answer: Decolonization

Question 157: This question refers to the following information.
"The real grievance of the worker is the insecurity of his existence; he is not sure that he will always have work, he is not sure that he will always be healthy, and he foresees that he will one day be old and unfit to work. If he falls into poverty, even if only through a prolonged illness, he is then completely helpless, exam_ins to his own devices, and society does not currently recognize any real obligation towards him beyond the usual help for the poor, even if he has been working all the time ever so faithfully and diligently. The usual help for the poor, however, leaves a lot to be desired, especially in large cities, where it is very much worse than in the country."
Otto von Bismarck, 1884
Otto von Bismarck likely made this speech in reaction to which of the following issues?
Answer: Negative effects attributed to industrial capitalism

Question 158: This question refers to the following information.
"Indeed, as both the fatwas of distinguished [scholars] who base their opinion on reason and tradition alike and the consensus of the Sunni community agree that the ancient obligation of extirpation, extermination, and expulsion of evil innovation must be the aim of our exalted aspiration, for "Religious zeal is a victory for the Faith of God the Beneficent"; then, in accordance with the words of the Prophet (Peace upon him!) "Whosoever introduces evil innovation into our order must be expelled" and "Whosoever does aught against our order must be expelled," action has become necessary and exigent…"
Letter from Ottoman Sultan Selim I to Safavid Shah Ismail I, 1514
The letter from Selim I is most clearly an example of which of the following?
Answer: Expanding tensions between religious sects

Question 159: This question refers to the following information.
"At least one of the [world's] societies would have to somehow enormously increase its productivity [in order to achieve global hegemony]. That quantum jump would have to be made before the various scientific, technological, agricultural, and industrial revolutions on which our post-quantum-leap world rests. It could only be accomplished by exploiting the ecosystems, mineral resources, and human assets of whole continents outside the lands of the society making the jump. Western Europe did just that by means of its brutality and guns and, more important, by geographical and ecological luck."
Copyright © 2015 Cambridge University Press.
Alfred Crosby, historian, Ecological Imperialism, 2004
The "quantum jump" mentioned in the passage most directly contributed to which of the following developments in the period 1450–1750 C.E.?
Answer: An increase in the population of the world through more plentiful supplies of food

Question 160: Which of the following persons is more likely to remain at home alone, as of 2019?
Answer: An African American woman

Question 161: The finding that adults tend to remember events from their adolescence better than from other periods in their lives is referred to as the
Answer: Reminiscence bump

Question 162: When older adults move to a new state after retirement, which of the following is the more likely destination?
Answer: Texas

Question 163: Which element in tobacco smoke is responsible for cancers?
Answer: Tar

Question 164: All other things being equal, which of the following persons is more likely to show osteoporosis?
Answer: An older Asian American woman

Question 165: Morning sickness is typically a problem:
Answer: during the first trimester

Question 166: A woman who knows she has active herpes and untreated syphilis but continues to have sex without informing her partners of her condition has, in psychoanalytic terms:
Answer: a weak superego

Question 167: Women's ability to have multiple orgasms is primarily due to:
Answer: the fact that they do not have a refractory period.

Question 168: The nature of homosexual activities that occur during preadolescence include all but which of the following?
Answer: sexual intercourse

Question 169: The most common disorder among men who seek sexual therapy is:
Answer: erectile disorder

Question 170: What types of force does Article 2(4) of the UN Charter prohibit?
Answer: Article 2(4) encompasses only armed force

Question 171: What is the judge ad hoc?
Answer: If a party to a contentious case before the ICJ does not have a national sitting as judge, it is entitled to nominate someone as a judge solely for that case, with the title of judge ad hoc

Question 172: Would a reservation to the definition of torture in the ICCPR be acceptable in contemporary practice?
Answer: This is an unacceptable reservation because it contravenes the object and purpose of the ICCPR

Question 173: When 'consent' can serve as a circumstance precluding the wrongfulness of a State conduct?
Answer: Consent can serve as a circumstance precluding wrongfulness, provided the consent is valid and to the extent that the conduct remains within the limits of the consent given

Question 174: How the consent to be bound of a State may be expressed?
Answer: The consent of a state to be bound by a treaty may be expressed by signature, ratification, acceptance, approval or accession

Question 175: Which position does Rawls claim is the least likely to be adopted by the POP (people in the original position)?
Answer: The POP would choose equality above liberty.

Question 176: Functions of the law include all but which of the following?
Answer: promoting the principles of the free enterprise system

Question 177: Which word best summarizes Weber's explanation of the development of formally rational law?
Answer: Capitalism.

Question 178: The ________ School of jurisprudence postulates that the law is based on what is "correct."
Answer: Natural Law

Question 179: Iverson Jewelers wrote a letter to Miller, 'We have received an exceptionally fine self winding Rolox watch which we will sell to you at a very favorable price.'
Answer: The letter lacks one of the essential elements of an offer.

Question 180: If someone attacks the character of an opposing arguer, instead of responding to that opponent's arguments, the first person has probably committed which of the following fallacies?
Answer: argument against the person

Question 181: The complex question fallacy consists of
Answer: asking a question that includes either an unproven assumption or more than one question, thus making a straightforward yes or no answer meaningless.

Question 182: Which of the following is true of a valid categorical syllogism?
Answer: The middle term must be used in at least one premise in a universal or unqualified sense

Question 183: Arguing that what is true of the parts must be true of the whole is the fallacy of...
Answer: Composition

Question 184: When an arguer causes confusion during refutation because of real or feigned lack of an ability to engage in refutation, that arguer may have committed the fallacy of
Answer: ignorance of refutation

Question 185: A 6-sided die is rolled 15 times and the results are: side 1 comes up 0 times; side 2: 1 time; side 3: 2 times; side 4: 3 times; side 5: 4 times; side 6: 5 times. Based on these results, what is the probability of side 3 coming up when using Add-1 Smoothing?
Answer: 1.0/7

Question 186: Which image data augmentation is most common for natural images?
Answer: random crop and horizontal flip

Question 187: You are reviewing papers for the World’s Fanciest Machine Learning Conference, and you see submissions with the following claims. Which ones would you consider accepting? 
Answer: My method achieves a test error lower than all previous methods! (Footnote: When regularisation parameter λ is chosen so as to minimise cross-validaton error.)

Question 188: To achieve an 0/1 loss estimate that is less than 1 percent of the true 0/1 loss (with probability 95%), according to Hoeffding's inequality the IID test set must have how many examples?
Answer: more than 1000 examples

Question 189: Traditionally, when we have a real-valued input attribute during decision-tree learning we consider a binary split according to whether the attribute is above or below some threshold. Pat suggests that instead we should just have a multiway split with one branch for each of the distinct values of the attribute. From the list below choose the single biggest problem with Pat’s suggestion:
Answer: It would probably result in a decision tree that scores well on the training set but badly on a testset.

Question 190: What are the two main dimensions of the Ohio Studies into leadership?
Answer: Initiating structure and considerations

Question 191: Hygiene factors are associated with which writer?
Answer: Frederick Hertzberg

Question 192: Which element of the cultural web forms regalia?
Answer: Symbols

Question 193: What characteristic is not a key feature of the 'open systems' model of management?
Answer: Morale

Question 194: How can organisational structures that are characterised by democratic and inclusive styles of management be described?
Answer: Flat

Question 195:  _____________ is a natural outcome when combining demographic and geographic variables.
Answer: Geodemographics

Question 196: In an organization, the group of people tasked with buying decisions is referred to as the _______________.
Answer: Decision-making unit.

Question 197:  Which of the following is an assumption in Maslow's hierarchy of needs?
Answer: Lower-level needs must be at least partially satisfied before higher needs can affect behaviour.

Question 198: The single group within society that is most vulnerable to reference group influence is:
Answer: Children, who base most of their buying decisions on outside influences.

Question 199: Although the content and quality can be as controlled as direct mail, response rates of this medium are lower because of the lack of a personal address mechanism. This media format is known as:
Answer: Door to door.

Question 200: Large triplet repeat expansions can be detected by:
Answer: Southern blotting.

Question 201: DNA ligase is
Answer: an enzyme that joins fragments in normal DNA replication

Question 202: A gene showing codominance
Answer: has both alleles independently expressed in the heterozygote

Question 203: Which of the following conditions does not show multifactorial inheritance?
Answer: Marfan syndrome

Question 204: The stage of meiosis in which chromosomes pair and cross over is:
Answer: prophase I

Question 205: How many axles does a standard automobile have?
Answer: two

Question 206: What place is named in the title of the 1979 live album by rock legends Cheap Trick?
Answer: Budokan

Question 207: Who is the shortest man to ever win an NBA slam dunk competition?
Answer: Anthony 'Spud' Webb

Question 208: What is produced during photosynthesis?
Answer: oxygen

Question 209: Which of these songs was a Top 10 hit for the rock band The Police?
Answer: 'De Do Do Do De Da Da Da'

Question 210: According to Metz, what is wrong with consequentialist arguments against capital punishment based on African values?
Answer: It is unclear as of yet whether or not capital punishment deters harm to the community.

Question 211: A fertilized ovum is also known as
Answer: a zygote.

Question 212: Which of the following is an intrinsic good, according to Singer?
Answer: the ability to learn and solve problems

Question 213: Pence compares six different cases of reproduction, from natural twinning to SCNT. What conclusion does he draw from this comparison?
Answer: SCNT is not a different kind of reproduction because there are no morally relevant differences between it and other permissible means of reproduction.

Question 214: Baron admits that the versions of the ticking bomb hypothetical she discusses are "stunningly stupid," but she claims this is actually evidence of
Answer: the readiness on the part of many intelligent people to see torture as the best solution to deal with terrorism.

Question 215: For which of these two scenarios does the main character (who uses I/me/my) do something clearly morally wrong, according to ordinary moral standards in the US as of 2020? Scenario 1 | I really loved my newborn baby boy. Scenario 2 | The new girl is embarrassed to live in a trailer park, so I invite the class to her house.
Answer: Not wrong, Wrong

Question 216: For which of these two scenarios does the main character (who uses I/me/my) do something clearly morally wrong, according to ordinary moral standards in the US as of 2020? Scenario 1 | I asked for a cigarette from the guy outside the store. Scenario 2 | When the security guard left his post, I pocketed a rare coin.
Answer: Not wrong, Wrong

Question 217: For which of these two scenarios does the main character (who uses I/me/my) do something clearly morally wrong, according to ordinary moral standards in the US as of 2020? Scenario 1 | I bought an old pick-up truck for work. Scenario 2 | I looked up at the gorgeous waterfall and threw a rock at it.
Answer: Not wrong, Not wrong

Question 218: For which of these two scenarios does the main character (who uses I/me/my) do something clearly morally wrong, according to ordinary moral standards in the US as of 2020? Scenario 1 | During the house's demolition, I pushed him into a wall. Scenario 2 | When I choose a babysitter for my twin nieces, I don't care about her racial background.
Answer: Wrong, Not wrong

Question 219: For which of these two scenarios does the main character (who uses I/me/my) do something clearly morally wrong, according to ordinary moral standards in the US as of 2020? Scenario 1 | I took his wallet after he harassed me at the bar. Scenario 2 | I made love to my newborn baby boy.
Answer: Wrong, Wrong

Question 220: In a cohort study, the risk ratio of developing diabetes was 0.86 when comparing consumers of tea (the exposed) to those who did not drink tea (the unexposed). Which one statement is correct (according to knowledge in 2020)?

Answer: Based on the information given we cannot tell if the observed difference in disease risk is the result of chance.

Question 221: Which of the following statements is correct (according to knowledge in 2020)?

Answer: Consumers with phenylketonuria must avoid the consumption of the sweetener aspartame

Question 222: Which of the following is the most plausible explanation for the protective effect of dietary fibre against cancer of the colon, as of 2020?

Answer: Butyric acid, formed during colonic fibre fermentation stimulates anti-oxidant defences in the colon

Question 223: Which of the following statements about iodine is correct, as of 2020?

Answer: The iodine content of organic milk is generally lower that the level in non-organic milk

Question 224: What is the first-line drug for patients with type 2 diabetes and obesity, as of 2020?

Answer: Metformin

Question 225: Psychological egoism is:
Answer: a claim about human nature and the ways people are capable of behaving.

Question 226: According to Moore’s “ideal utilitarianism,” the right action is the one that brings about the greatest amount of:
Answer: good.

Question 227: According to d'Holbach, people always act according to _____.
Answer: necessary natural laws

Question 228: Before Tolstoy's Christian conversion, what was his perspective on the meaning of life?
Answer: pessimist

Question 229: The study of reality in the broadest sense, an inquiry into the elemental nature of the universe and the things in it, is known as _____.
Answer: metaphysics

Question 230: The great Mayan king Pacal built temples in the city of Palenque in order to:
Answer: legitimize his kingship, since his father was not royal.

Question 231: According to Timothy Pauketat, the evidence for social stratification and political power at Cahokia suggests:
Answer: a center of Mississippian civilization with conditions similar to the rise of early states.

Question 232: Researchers now believe that the decline of the Maya was caused chiefly by:
Answer: ecological degradation resulting from slash-and-burn farming techniques.

Question 233: Recent research on hominid species dating from the Middle Pliocene indicates there was (as of 2020):
Answer: a great amount of species diversity, or a single species that exhibited a lot of diversity.

Question 234: What is the approximate mean cranial capacity of Homo erectus?
Answer: just under 1000 cc

Question 235: Box a nongovernmental not-for-profit organization had the following transactions during the year: Proceeds from sale of investments $80000 Purchase of property plant and equipment $10000 Proceeds from long-term debt $100000 Loss on sale of investment $5000 What amount should be reported as net cash provided by financing activities in Box's statement of cash flows?
Answer: 100000

Question 236: One hundred years ago, your great-great-grandmother invested $100 at 5% yearly interest. What is the investment worth today?
Answer: $13,000

Question 237: Krete is an unmarried taxpayer with income exclusively from wages. By December 31, year 1, Krete's employer has withheld $16,000 in federal income taxes and Krete has made no estimated tax payments. On April 15, year 2, Krete timely filed for an extension request to file her individual tax return, and paid $300 of additional taxes. Krete's year 1 tax liability was $16,500 when she timely filed her return on April 30, year 2, and paid the remaining tax liability balance. What amount would be subject to the penalty for underpayment of estimated taxes?
Answer: $0

Question 238: On January 1, year 1, Alpha Co. signed an annual maintenance agreement with a software provider for $15,000 and the maintenance period begins on March 1, year 2. Alpha also incurred $5,000 of costs on January 1, year 1, related to software modification requests that will increase the functionality of the software. Alpha depreciates and amortizes its computer and software assets over five years using the straight-line method. What amount is the total expense that Alpha should recognize related to the maintenance agreement and the software modifications for the year ended December 31, year 1?
Answer: $13,500

Question 239: An auditor traces the serial numbers on equipment to a nonissuer’s subledger. Which of the following management assertions is supported by this test?
Answer: Completeness

Question 240: A state legislature has recently enacted a statute making it a misdemeanor to curse or revile or use obscene or opprobrious language toward or in reference to a police officer perfonning his duties. A student at a state university organized a demonstration on campus to protest the war. The rally was attended by a group of 50 students who shouted anti-war messages at cars passing by. To show his contempt for the United States, the student sewed the American flag to the rear of his jeans. When a police officer saw the flag sown on the student's jeans, he approached and told him to remove the flag or he would be placed under arrest. The student became angered and shouted at the police officer, "Listen, you bastard, I'll wear this rag anywhere I please. " The student was subsequently placed under arrest and charged with violating the state statute. The student subsequently brings suit in state court challenging the constitutionality of the statute. The strongest constitutional argument for the student is that
Answer: the statute is overbroad and consequently invalid under the First and FourteenthAmendments.

Question 241: A state has recently enacted a statute prohibiting the disposal of any nuclear wastes within the state. This law does not contravene or conflict with any federal statutes. A man operates a company in the state that is engaged in the disposal of nuclear wastes. Subsequent to the passage of the state statute, the man, not yet aware of the new law, entered into contracts with many out-of-state firms to dispose of their nuclear wastes in the state. On account of this new law, however, the man will be unable to perform these contracts. Assume that the man has standing to challenge this state law. Which of the following presents his strongest constitutional grounds to challenge the state law prohibiting the disposal of nuclear wastes within the state?
Answer: The commerce clause.

Question 242: Judge took judicial notice of some facts at the beginning of the trial. Which of the following is not an appropriate kind of fact for judicial notice?
Answer: Facts that have been asserted by individual political organizations.

Question 243: On October 1, 1980, a developer, owner of several hundred acres in a rural county, drafted a general development plan for the area. The duly recorded plan imposed elaborate limitations and restrictions upon the land in the plan, which was to be developed as a residential district. The restrictions were to extend to all persons acquiring any of the lots and to their heirs, assigns, and lessees. It was further provided that all subsequent owners would be charged with due notice of the restrictions. Among those restrictions in the general plan were the following:(22) A franchise right is created in a strip of land 10 feet in width along the rear of each lot for the use of public utility companies with right of ingress and egress. (23) No house or structure of any kind shall be built on the aforementioned strip of land running through the said blocks. In 2000, a retiree purchased one of the lots, built a house, and erected a fence in the rear of his property within the restricted area. In 2004, a teacher purchased a lot adjacent to the retiree's property and built a new house. Two years later, a librarian purchased the lot that adjoined the teacher's property. The three deeds to those properties each contained references to the deed book where the general plan was recorded. In 2008, the librarian began the construction of a seven-foot post-and-rail fence along the line dividing his lot with the teacher's, and along the center of the area subject to the franchise right. Although the teacher objected to its construction, the fence was completed. If the teacher seeks a mandatory injunction to compel removal of the librarian's fence, the court will most likely
Answer: grant relief, because the encroachment of the fence violated the restriction in the original plan. 

Question 244: A son owed a creditor $5,000. The son's father contacted the creditor and told him that he wanted to pay the son's debt. The father signed a document that stated the father would pay the son's debt at a rate of $500 a month for 10 months. The creditor made no written or oral commitment to forbear to sue the son to collect the $5,000 debt, and the father made no oral or written request for any such forbearance. For the next five months, the father made and the creditor accepted the $500 monthly payments as agreed. During that period, the creditor, in fact, did forbear to take any legal action against the son. However, the father then informed the creditor that he would make no further payments on the debt. Which of the following is the most persuasive argument that the father is liable to the creditor under the terms of their agreement?
Answer: The father's promise and the creditor's reliance thereon, if proved, gave rise to a valid claim by the creditor against the father based on the doctrine of promissory estoppel. 

Question 245: A 42-year-old man comes to the office for preoperative evaluation prior to undergoing adrenalectomy scheduled in 2 weeks. One month ago, he received care in the emergency department for pain over his right flank following a motor vehicle collision. At that time, blood pressure was 160/100 mm Hg and CT scan of the abdomen showed an incidental 10-cm left adrenal mass. Results of laboratory studies, including complete blood count, serum electrolyte concentrations, and liver function tests, were within the reference ranges. The patient otherwise had been healthy and had never been told that he had elevated blood pressure. He takes no medications. A follow-up visit in the office 2 weeks ago disclosed elevated urinary normetanephrine and metanephrine and plasma aldosterone concentrations. The patient was referred to a surgeon, who recommended the adrenalectomy. Today, vital signs are temperature 36.6°C (97.9°F), pulse 100/min, respirations 14/min, and blood pressure 170/95 mm Hg. Physical examination discloses no significant findings. Initial preoperative preparation should include treatment with which of the following?
Answer: Phenoxybenzamine

Question 246: A 36-year-old male presents to the office with a 3-week history of low back pain. He denies any recent trauma but says that he climbs in and out of his truck numerous times a day for his job. Examination of the patient in the prone position reveals a deep sacral sulcus on the left, a posterior inferior lateral angle on the right, and a lumbosacral junction that springs freely on compression. The most likely diagnosis is
Answer: right-on-right sacral torsion

Question 247: A previously healthy 32-year-old woman comes to the physician 8 months after her husband was killed in a car crash. Since that time, she has had a decreased appetite and difficulty falling asleep. She states that she is often sad and cries frequently. She has been rechecking the door lock five times before leaving her house and has to count exactly five pieces of toilet paper before she uses it. She says that she has always been a perfectionist but these urges and rituals are new. Pharmacotherapy should be targeted to which of the following neurotransmitters?
Answer: Serotonin

Question 248: A 44-year-old man comes to the office because of a 3-day history of sore throat, nonproductive cough, runny nose, and frontal headache. He says the headache is worse in the morning and ibuprofen does provide some relief. He has not had shortness of breath. Medical history is unremarkable. He takes no medications other than the ibuprofen for pain. Vital signs are temperature 37.4°C (99.4°F), pulse 88/min, respirations 18/min, and blood pressure 120/84 mm Hg. Examination of the nares shows erythematous mucous membranes. Examination of the throat shows erythema and follicular lymphoid hyperplasia on the posterior oropharynx. There is no palpable cervical adenopathy. Lungs are clear to auscultation. Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient's symptoms?
Answer: Rhinovirus

Question 249: A 22-year-old male marathon runner presents to the office with the complaint of right-sided rib pain when he runs long distances. Physical examination reveals normal heart and lung findings and an exhalation dysfunction at ribs 4-5 on the right. Which of the following muscles or muscle groups will be most useful in correcting this dysfunction utilizing a direct method?
Answer: pectoralis minor

Question 250: One of your therapy clients asks your advice about a good weight- reduction program. You have investigated the programs in the community and are enrolled in the one you consider the best. This program offers a $50 bonus to its patrons for each new person they bring into the program. Under these circumstances, your most appropriate response would be to
Answer: tell your client the pros and cons of each program you know about, but do not claim the $50 bonus if your client enrolls in your program

Question 251: There are three ways to measure the Central Tendency: the Mean, the Median and the Mode. From your knowledge about them, what is the mode?
Answer: the most frequently occurring number

Question 252: In terms of Hofstede’s (1980) five cultural dimensions, the United States scores at the top of the scale on:
Answer: individualism.

Question 253: Carl Jung believed that a client's transference:
Answer: reflects the client’s personal and collective unconscious.

Question 254: In the construction of a multiple regression equation for purposes of prediction, the optimal combination of measures is one in which the predictors
Answer: are uncorrelated with each other but are moderately correlated with the criterion

Question 255: What should a public relations media practitioner do if she does not know the answer to a reporter's question?
Answer: Say 'I don't know' and promise to provide the information later.

Question 256: In issues management, what is the most proactive approach to addressing negative or misleading information posted online about your organization?
Answer: Make policy changes to address complaints highlighted on these sites.

Question 257: Which of these statements is true of the Vatican in 2010 at the time of the accusations of child abuse cover-ups?
Answer: Criticisms were taken as attacks on the Catholic Church.

Question 258: At which stage in the planning process would a situation analysis be carried out?
Answer: Defining the program

Question 259: Earth Hour was a campaign launched by which organization?
Answer: World Wildlife Fund

Question 260: What distinguishes coercive diplomacy from military force?
Answer: Coercive diplomacy constitutes the threats of limited force to induce adversary's incentive to comply with the coercer's demands. It is an influence strategy that is intended to obtain compliance: the use of force to defeat an opponent first does not count. It leaves an element of choice with the target to comply, or to continue.

Question 261: Which of the following is the best lens through which to investigate the role of child soldiers?
Answer: Children have political subjecthood that is missed when they are considered as passive victims of warfare.

Question 262: In order to become securitized, a threat must be presented in which of these ways?
Answer: As an urgent threat to the survival of the referent object, so serious that it legitimises the employment of extraordinary action in response.

Question 263: How can we best describe the relationship between the state-centric approach and the concept of human security?
Answer: By adopting the framework of human security, the limitations of the realist state-centric approach become evident. Whilst human security defines the referent object as the person or population, state-centric approaches prioritise the security of the state, de-prioritizing the pursuit of human security.

Question 264: What are the frameworks of analysis within which terrorism has been considered (as of 2020)?
Answer: Terrorism can be viewed as a problem to be resolved by military means (war on terrorism), by normal police techniques (terrorism as crime), or as a medical problem with underlying causes and symptoms (terrorism as disease).

Question 265: Which of the following did the post-war welfare state of 1948 not aim to provide:
Answer: a minimum wage

Question 266: What does Berger (1963) describe as a metaphor for social reality?
Answer: a puppet theatre

Question 267: The shift from 'civil religion' to 'common religion' means that:
Answer: despite the weakening of traditional authority, our everyday lives and 'common sense' remain shaped by religious beliefs and values

Question 268: The term 'hegemony' refers to:
Answer: a dominant ideology that legitimates economic, political and cultural power

Question 269: Which of the following is not a problem associated with official statistics on strike action?
Answer: most strikes go unnoticed by employers and the mass media

Question 270: How did the 2008 financial crisis affect America's international reputation?
Answer: It damaged support for the US model of political economy and capitalism

Question 271: How did NSC-68 change U.S. strategy?
Answer: All of the above

Question 272: The realm of policy decisions concerned primarily with relations between the United States and the rest of the world is known as
Answer: foreign policy.

Question 273: How do Defensive Realism and Offensive Realism differ in their explanation of state behaviour?
Answer: Defensive realists believe states are security maximizers, while Offensive realists believe states to be power maximizers

Question 274: How did Donald Trump attack globalization in the 2016 campaign?
Answer: Liberal elites had encouraged globalization, while 'ordinary Americans' lost jobs because of it

Question 275: Why are parvoviruses a highly impactful parasite?
Answer: Because they have no nucleic acid

Question 276: Which of the following is a morphological characteristic of the paramyxoviruses.
Answer: Fragile viruses often visualised with RNA spewing from the inside

Question 277: A key factor facilitating the application of nested case-control studies from the MACS was:
Answer: Establishment of a repository of biologic specimens

Question 278: The most important goal of a behavioral intervention is:
Answer: Sustained behavior change

Question 279: The median survival time to AIDS and death was established by following:
Answer: Seroconverters

Question 280:  What is the sign of the covenant for Jewish males?
Answer: Circumcision

Question 281: What is the Second Gem in Buddhism?
Answer: The Dharma

Question 282:  In which dynasty was the "Mandate of Heaven" developed to legitimatize the new rulers?
Answer: Zhou

Question 283:  Which Japanese government promoted a kind of national cult based on the emperor and his associations with kami?
Answer: Meiji

Question 284: How can the Upanishads be characterized?
Answer: Philosophical texts

Question 285: The cyclic subgroup of Z_24 generated by 18 has order
Answer: 4

Question 286: Find the order of the factor group (Z_4 x Z_12)/(<2> x <2>)
Answer: 4

Question 287: Statement 1 | The symmetric group S_3 is cyclic. Statement 2 | Every group is isomorphic to some group of permutations.
Answer: False, True

Question 288: Statement 1 | If a and b are elements of finite order in an Abelian group, then |ab| is the lcm (|a|,|b|). Statement 2 | If g is a group element and g^n = e, then |g| = n.
Answer: False, False

Question 289: Statement 1 | If f is a homomorphism from G to K and H is normal in G then f(H) is normal in K. Statement 2 | If f is a homomorphism from G to a group and H is finite subgroup of G, then |f(H)| divides |H|.
Answer: False, True

Question 290: Find the maximum possible order for an element of S_n for n = 7.
Answer: 12

Question 291: Statement 1 | Every integral domain has a field of quotients. Statement 2 | A polynomial of degree n over a ring can have at most n zeros counting multiplicity.
Answer: True, False

Question 292: Statement 1 | If a group has an element of order 10, then the number of elements of order 10 is divisible by 4. Statement 2 | If m and n are positive integers and phi is the Euler phi function, then phi(mn) = phi(m)phi(n).
Answer: False, False

Question 293: Which of the following structures travel through the substance of the parotid gland?
Answer: The maxillary artery and retromandibular vein

Question 294: A medical practitioner places a stethoscope over the patient's seventh right intercostal space in the mid-axillary line. The stethoscope overlies the
Answer: lower lobe of the lung.

Question 295: Which of the following is flexible connective tissue that is attached to bones at the joints?
Answer: Cartilage

Question 296: Tonsillar tissue is commonly found
Answer: between the palatoglossal and palatopharyngeal folds.

Question 297: The best place to listen to the general heart sound with a stethoscope is the
Answer: fifth left intercostal space in the midclavicular line.

Question 298: Smooth muscle cells contain
Answer: actin and myosin arranged irregularly.

Question 299: Which one of the following is brought about by activation of sympathetic nerves?
Answer: Dilation of the pupil of the eye.

Question 300: Pharyngeal mucosa is innervated by the glossopharyngeal nerves because it develops from the
Answer: third pharyngeal arch.

Question 301: You cool a blackbody to half its original temperature. How does its spectrum change?
Answer: Power emitted is 1/16 times as high; peak emission wavelength is 2 times longer.

Question 302: What drives differentiation?
Answer: The minimization of gravitational potential energy.

Question 303: How did the lunar maria form?
Answer: Large impacts fractured the Moon's lithosphere allowing lava to fill the impact basins.

Question 304: The mass of Saturn's rings is 2x1019 kg. What is the ratio of this mass to that of a 200 km diameter spherical moon made entirely of water-ice (density ~ 1 g/cm3)? That is what is Mrings : Micy moon?
Answer: 5 : 1

Question 305: Which property of our solar system does a formation theory NOT need to explain?
Answer: the presence of life on Earth

Question 306: The Coriolis effect is observed on planets because
Answer: they are rotating and spherical so different latitudes rotate at different speeds (meters/second)

Question 307: The International Space Station (ISS) circles the Earth approximately 410 km above the ground. Find the best estimate for the orbital speed of the ISS:
Answer: 28000 km/h

Question 308: Which is the least likely cause of death?
Answer: Being hit by a small meteorite.

Question 309: In a global context, many companies have significant ______ power due to their ability to threaten governments, in the face of ________ with relocation to other territories, which Beck (1998) describes as 'corporate power of _______.
Answer: Political, Undesirable regulation, Transnational withdrawal

Question 310: Ethics of duty is a principle based ethical theory attributed to Emmanuel Kant.
Answer: 1,3

Question 311: While businesses traditionally engaged in civil society through ______, recently more business-________ collaboration have emerged in order to tackle social and environmental problems. Likewise, CSO's strategies have evolved with an increasing number setting up _________, which are more commercially orientated then traditional charity models.
Answer: Philanthropy, CSO, Social enterprises

Question 312: The relationship between shareholders and the company, or so called ________, describes shareholders as _________ and managers of the company as ________.
Answer: Agency relation, Principal, Agents

Question 313: Executive directors are responsible for running the firm.
Answer: 1,4

Question 314: Subjection to emotional exploitation.
Answer: 1,3,4

Question 315: The OECD argues that corporate governance problems arise because:
Answer: Ownership and control is separated

Question 316: ______, ________ and _______ are all factors which can impinge upon stakeholder communication and collaboration.
Answer: Resource intensity, Culture clash, Accountability

Question 317: The coding sequences of genes are called:
Answer: exons.

Question 318: Using a large volume spacer will improve the deposition of medication by:
Answer: 40-60%

Question 319: How can several different proteins be produced from the same gene?
Answer: The primary transcripts of many genes can be spliced in various ways to produce different mRNAs, a process known as alternative RNA splicing.

Question 320: What is cardiac output?
Answer: Stroke volume × heart rate.

Question 321: In the assessment of visual fields which of the following is true?
Answer: An enlarged blind spot may occur because of papilloedema

Question 322: Who set the world record for the mile race in 1886?
Answer: WG George

Question 323: What is erythema?
Answer: Redness of the skin due to congestion of the capillaries.

Question 324: Which of the following is true regarding the examination of the legs?
Answer: The root value of toe extension is L5

Question 325: Short-term changes in plant growth rate mediated by the plant hormone auxin are hypothesized to result from
Answer: increased extensibility of the walls of affected cells

Question 326: RNA is thought to have played an important role in the evolution of life for which of the following reasons?
I. It occurred in great quantities on early Earth.
II. It can self-replicate via a complementary chain.
III. It can catalyze some cellular functions.
Answer: II and III

Question 327: An organism with a lobed thallus, rhizoids, and gemmae is a
Answer: liverwort

Question 328: A plant that possesses swimming sperm, xylem with tracheids, independent gametophyte and sporophyte phases, and no seeds is probably most closely related to
Answer: ferns

Question 329: Evidence that sea urchins are more closely related to frogs than they are to snails is that echinoderms and chordates share which of the following embryological features?
Answer: The pore that forms the mouth develops after the pore that forms the anus.

Question 330: Which of the following occurred first during the separation of the elements of Pangaea through continental drift?
Answer: Gondwana and Laurasia were formed.

Question 331: Which of the following traits do prokaryotes and eukaryotes have in common?
Answer: Replication is bidirectional.

Question 332: All of the following are required procedures in order to clone specific mRNA molecules EXCEPT
Answer: cleaving the full genome of a cell into fragments

Question 333: Which of the following is true for Br2 at standard temperature and pressure?
Answer: It is a red-brown volatile liquid.

Question 334: The 13C spectrum of which isomer of C6H14 has lines with three distinct chemical shifts?
Answer: hexane

Question 335: The Rydberg equation v = R_H(1/n_1^2 - 1/n_2^2) accurately predicts the UV-visible emission spectrum of the hydrogen atom. A form of the Rydberg equation may also be used to predict the UV-visible emission for all of the following EXCEPT
Answer: hydride ion, H−

Question 336: Reduction of D-xylose with NaBH4 yields a product that is a
Answer: meso compound

Question 337: Calculate the polarization of a proton in a magnetic field of 335 mT and 10.5 T at 298 K.
Answer: 4.126 x 10^-3 at 0.335 T; 2.142 x 10^-6 at 10.5 T

Question 338: The anhydride of Ba(OH)2 is
Answer: BaO

Question 339: A 1 M solution of TEMPO in chloroform at room temperature shows broader EPR spectrum than that of a 1 mM solution. Which sentence describes this phenomenon most accurately?
Answer: in the more concentrated solution, the lines are broadened due to the exchange interaction between the TEMPO molecules

Question 340: A set of hybrid sp^3 orbitals for a carbon atom is given above. Which of the following is NOT true about the orbitals?
Answer: Each hybrid orbital may hold four electrons.

Question 341: Of the following page-replacement policies, which is guaranteed to incur the minimum number of page faults?
Answer: Replace the page whose next reference will be the longest time in the future.

Question 342: Let f(X) = if x = 1 then 0 else [x * f(x - 1) + x**2]. The value of f(4) is
Answer: 100

Question 343: Church's thesis equates the concept of "computable function" with those functions computable by, for example, Turing machines. Which of the following is true of Church's thesis?
Answer: It can never be proven.

Question 344: Which of the following statements is FALSE about memory reclamation based on reference counting?
Answer: Reference counting is well suited for reclaiming cyclic structures.

Question 345: Suppose it takes 1 second to factor a general 100 x 100 matrix using Gaussian elimination. Of the following, which is the best estimate of the number of seconds it will take to factor a 500 x 500 matrix based on the relative dimensions?
Answer: 125

Question 346: The main difference between a network operating system and a distributed operating system is that
Answer: A distributed operating system hides the existence of many machines from the user, but a network operating system makes the existence of many machines visible

Question 347: If L is a language accepted by some automaton M, which of the following is (are) true?
I. If M is a nondeterministic finite automaton, then L is accepted by some deterministic finite automaton.
II. If M is a deterministic pushdown automaton, then L is accepted by some nondeterministic pushdown automaton.
III. If M is a nondeterministic pushdown automaton, then L is accepted by some deterministic Turing machine.
Answer: I, II, and III

Question 348: Which of the following evaluation strategies must be defined in order to execute a logic program on a sequential machine?
I. Evaluation order of rules
II. Evaluation order of clauses
III. Evaluation order of arguments in each clause
Answer: I, II, and III

Question 349: If a polynomial f(x) over the real numbers has the complex numbers 2 + i and 1 - i as roots, then f(x) could be
Answer: x^4 - 6x^3 + 15x^2 - 18x + 10

Question 350: Suppose A, B, and C are statements such that C is true if exactly one of A and B is true. If C is false, which of the following statements must be true?
Answer: If A is false, then B is false.

Question 351: In a survey of 100 undergraduate math majors at a certain college, the following information is
obtained about the courses they are taking during the Spring semester:
41 are enrolled in real analysis,
44 are enrolled in differential equations, 48 are enrolled in linear algebra,
11 are enrolled in both real analysis and linear algebra,
14 are enrolled in both real analysis and differential equations,
19 are enrolled in both differential equations and linear algebra, and 10 are not enrolled in any of these three courses.
How many of the students surveyed are enrolled in all three of these courses?
Answer: 1

Question 352: k digits are to be chosen at random (with repetitions allowed) from {0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9}. What is the probability that 0 will not be chosen?
Answer: (9/10)^k

Question 353: In the complex z-plane, the set of points satisfying the equation z^2 = |z|^2 is a
Answer: line

Question 354: Let S, T, and U be nonempty sets, and let f: S -> T and g: T -> U be functions such that the function g ∘ f : S -> U is one-to-one (injective). Which of the following must be true?
Answer: f is one-to-one.

Question 355: A fair die is tossed 360 times. The probability that a six comes up on 70 or more of the tosses is
Answer: between 0.02 and 0.16

Question 356: If one arch of the curve y = sin x is revolved around the x-axis, what's the volume of the generated solid?
Answer: π^2 / 2

Question 357: A student observes that mercury forms a convex meniscus in the graduated cylinder but that water forms a concave one. This behavior is best explained by the fact that:
Answer: the mercury has strong cohesive than adhesive forces, whereas water has strong adhesive than cohesive ones.

Question 358: The term gene doping refers to:
Answer: the use of genetic manipulation techniques to enhance performance in sport.

Question 359: Which of the following physiological characteristics is not important for success in endurance events such as the marathon race?
Answer: Muscle ATP and phosphocreatine content.

Question 360: A young adult man begins seeing a therapist and tells the therapist that he has homosexual feelings, and that he self-identifies as gay. He is plagued by feelings of worthlessness and fears that he will be subject to what his religion terms “eternal damnation”. He feels alienated from his family and friends, as he knows of no other homosexuals in his peer group or family. In the course of working with the man, the therapist helps him see that his feelings are exceptionally common among people who have recently discovered their same-sex feelings, and encourages him to attend a support group for newly “out” gay men. The therapist’s approach demonstrates which of the following phenomena?
Answer: Universalization

Question 361: The two principal contractile proteins found in skeletal muscle are:
Answer: actin and myosin.

Question 362: A psychology study run on a college campus was set up right outside of the gym on a weekday. Chocolate chip cookies were offered right outside the door, and then a sign was placed 15 feet further down the hall that asked people to avoid using the stairs, forcing them to go around in a longer hallway. There were no barriers to using the stairs other than the sign. The results returned, and it showed that individuals who took a sweet from the tray were twice as likely to use the longer hallway as individuals who refused. This is an example of what psychological concept?
Answer: Ego depletion

Question 363: The main factors determining success in sport are:
Answer: innate ability and the capacity to respond to the training stimulus.

Question 364: The social phenomenon of groupthink is characterized by all of the following EXCEPT:
Answer: High loyalty and group cohesiveness causing members to feel safe raising controversial issues and proposing alternative solutions.

Question 365: Characteristic X rays, appearing as sharp lines on a continuous background, are produced when high-energy electrons bombard a metal target. Which of the following processes results in the characteristic X rays?
Answer: Electrons filling inner shell vacancies that are created in the metal atoms

Question 366: Two students perform an experiment in which they drop a ball from rest from a known height above the ground and measure the speed of the ball just before it strikes the ground. From repeated measurement, the students estimate the uncertainty in the measured speed of the ball to be 10 percent. Which of the following gives the uncertainty in the kinetic energy of the ball? (Assume the uncertainty in the ball’s mass is negligibly small.)
Answer: 20%

Question 367: The rest mass of a particle with total energy 5.0 GeV and momentum 4.9 GeV/c is approximately
Answer: 1.0 GeV/c^2

Question 368: A grating spectrometer can just barely resolve two wavelengths of 500 nm and 502 nm, respectively. Which of the following gives the resolving power of the spectrometer?
Answer: 250

Question 369: Electromagnetic radiation emitted from a nucleus is most likely to be in the form of
Answer: gamma rays

Question 370: An ideal monatomic gas expands quasi-statically to twice its volume. If the process is isothermal, the work done by the gas is Wi. If the process is adiabatic, the work done by the gas is Wa. Which of the following is true?
Answer: 0<Wa <Wi

Question 371: During a hurricane, a 1,200 Hz warning siren on the town hall sounds. The wind is blowing at 55 m/s in a direction from the siren toward a person 1 km away. With what frequency does the sound wave reach the person? (The speed of sound in air is 330 m/s.)
Answer: 1,200 Hz

Question 372: Fermat’s principle of ray optics states, “A ray of light follows the path between two points which requires the least time.” This principle can be used to derive which of the following?
I. Snell’s law of refraction
II. The law of reflection
III. Rayleigh’s criterion for resolution
Answer: I and II

Question 373: What is penetration testing?
Answer: Whole-system testing for security flaws and bugs

Question 374: Suppose a user has an iPhone (running iOS) and downloads an app called Innocent from the Apple App Store and installs it. The user unlocks the phone and runs Innocent. Innocent exploits a bug in the iOS kernel which allows Innocent to redirect execution inside the kernel to code that Innocent controls. Now Innocent can execute any instructions it likes inside the iOS kernel. Innocent is not able to exploit any bugs in the phone’s secure enclave. Can Innocent read the user’s private information stored in the phone’s flash (e.g. Contacts and messages), or will the security measures described in the paper keep the data private? If Innocent is only able to see encrypted data, then the phone has successfully kept the data private. Circle the security features of the phone (if any) that will prevent Innocent from reading information from the flash on the phone.
Answer: None of the above

Question 375: Why is it that anti-virus scanners would not have found an exploitation of Heartbleed?
Answer: Anti-virus scanners tend to look for viruses and other malicious code, but Heartbleed exploits steal secrets without injecting any code 

Question 376: Which of the following does authentication aim to accomplish?
Answer: Determine who the user is

Question 377: Assume that a TLS connection has been established successfully between a client and a server. Establishing the session included checking the server certificate and executing a DiffieHelmann exchange, but the client did not provide a client certificate. Further, assume that the client and server are honest, that the client and server don’t leak their keys, and that the cryptography is good. Which of the following attacks does TLS protect against?
1. An attacker stealing the server’s private key and reading the plaintext of recorded past connections.
2. An attacker breaking into a certificate authority and creating a fake certificate for the server.
Answer: True, False

Question 378: Can we build a secure PRP from a secure PRG?
Answer: Yes, just plug the GGM PRF into the Luby-Rackoff theorem

Question 379: The openSSL implementation described in “Remote Timing Attacks are Practical” (by Brumley and Boneh) uses the following performance optimizations: Chinese Remainder (CR), Montgomery Representation (MR), Karatsuba Multiplication (KM), and Repeated squaring and Sliding windows (RS). Which of the following options would close the timing channel attack described in the paper if you turned the listed optimizations off?
1. CR, MR, KM, and RS.
2. RS
Answer: True, False

Question 380: ___________ is a process of wireless traffic analysis that may be helpful for forensic investigations or during troubleshooting any wireless issue.
Answer: Wireless Traffic Sniffing

Question 381: Immediately after two separated charged particles are released from rest both increase in speed. The particles therefore have
Answer: either the same or opposite signs of charge.

Question 382: A high-temperature source radiates relatively
Answer: short wavelengths

Question 383: Atmospheric pressure is due to the weight
Answer: of the atmosphere

Question 384: Einstein’s second postulate tells us that the speed of light
Answer: is a constant in all frames of reference.

Question 385: Planck’s constant can be found by dividing the energy of a photon by its
Answer: frequency

Question 386: How many electrons are there in the third shell of sodium, Na (atomic number 11)?
Answer: One

Question 387: Immediately after two separated charged particles are released from rest, both increase in speed. The sign of charge of the particles is therefore
Answer: Either of these

Question 388: A hologram best illustrates
Answer: diffraction

Question 389: Suppose that a test that the true value of the intercept coefficient is zero results in non-rejection. What would be the appropriate conclusion?
Answer: Retain the intercept

Question 390: Suppose that observations are available on the monthly bond prices of 100 companies for 5 years. What type of data are these?
Answer: Panel

Question 391: An "ex ante" forecasting model is one which
Answer: Includes only previous values of variables on the RHS

Question 392: If a researcher uses daily data to examine a particular problem and creates a variable that assigns a numerical value of 1 to Monday observations, what term would best describe this type of number?
Answer: Nominal

Question 393: Near multicollinearity occurs when
Answer: Two or more explanatory variables are highly correlated with one another

Question 394: Which of the following statements are true concerning the class of ARIMA(p,d,q) models?

(i) The "I" stands for independent

(ii) An ARIMA(p,1,q) model estimated on a series of logs of prices is equivalent to an ARIMA(p,0,q) model estimated on a set of continuously compounded returns

(iii) It is plausible for financial time series that the optimal value of d could be 2 or 3.

(iv) The estimation of ARIMA models is incompatible with the notion of cointegration
Answer: (ii) and (iv) only

Question 395: If the residuals from a regression estimated using a small sample of data are not normally distributed, which one of the following consequences may arise?
Answer: Test statistics concerning the parameters will not follow their assumed distributions.

Question 396: If a threshold autoregressive (TAR) model is termed a "SETAR", what must be true about it?
Answer: The state-determining variable must be the variable being modelled

Question 397: No load saturation characteristics are plotted between
Answer: no load voltage and field current

Question 398: When checked with an ohm meter an open resistor reads
Answer: infinite.

Question 399: In AC circuits, the connection of measuring instruments cause loading effect errors which may effect
Answer: magnitude, phase and waveform of the quantity being measured.

Question 400: If a circuit consists of two mass elements, two spring elements and four friction elements. Find the order of transfer function?
Answer: 4

Question 401: Inside a hollow conducting sphere
Answer: electric field is zero.

Question 402: For audio frequency applications, the popular oscillator used is
Answer: Wien bridge oscillator

Question 403: Which number system has a base of 16
Answer: Hexadecimal

Question 404: A digital circuit that can store on bit is a
Answer: flip-flop

Question 405: Zelma buys p pounds of bananas for 40 cents per pound. She pays the clerk with a twenty-dollar bill. The clerk subtracts the total cost of the bananas from the twenty-dollar bill to determine the amount of change to give Zelma. Which expression represents the amount of change Zelma should receive?
Answer: 20 - 0.40p

Question 406: The number of points Jaden scored in a game is less than 45, and is also a multiple of 7. How many points could Jaden have scored?
Answer: 35

Question 407: There are 7 days in a week. In the month of February, there are 28 days this year. How many times as many days are there in February than are in one week?
Answer: 4 times

Question 408: Frankie’s baseball team scored 16 runs in a game. Max’s baseball team scored 8 runs in a game. Which statement about the number of runs scored by Frankie’s and Max’s baseball teams is true?
Answer: Frankie’s team scored 2 times as many runs as Max’s team because 16 = 2 × 8.

Question 409: Mr. Carson drove 1,027 miles in April. He drove 988 miles in May. Mr. Carson used the expression below to find how many more miles he drove in April than in May. 1,027 – 988 How many more miles did Mr. Carson drive in April than in May?
Answer: 39 miles

Question 410: What is the square of 15?
Answer: 225

Question 411: What is the greatest common divisor of 54, 36, and 24?
Answer: 6

Question 412: Dr. Sperline is ordering a chemical for his students to use in an experiment. He knows that each student will need to use 0.797 grams of magnesium in the first step of the experiment and 0.892 grams in a later step. He uses front-end estimation with an adjustment to figure out the approximate amount of magnesium needed by each student. What is his estimate?
Answer: 1.7 g

Question 413: Identify the antecedent of the following conditional proposition: If the Bees win their first game, then neither the Aardvarks nor the Chipmunks win their first games.
Answer: The Bees win their first game.

Question 414:  Which of the given formulas of PL is the best symbolization of the following sentence?
Elliott likes to skateboard or he likes to write songs and to play them.
Answer: S ∨ (W • P)

Question 415:  Construct a complete truth table for the following pairs of propositions. Then, using the truth tables, determine whether the statements are logically equivalent or contradictory. If neither, determine whether they are consistent or inconsistent. Justify your answers.
~[(G ⊃ H) ∨ ~H] and ~G ⊃ G
Answer: Inconsistent

Question 416:  Construct a complete truth table for the following argument. Then, using the truth table, determine whether the argument is valid or invalid. If the argument is invalid, choose an option which presents a counterexample. (There may be other counterexamples as well.)
D ⊃ (~E ⊃ F)
~D ⊃ E
~E / F
Answer: Valid

Question 417:  Use indirect truth tables to determine whether each set of propositions is consistent. If the set is consistent, choose an option with a consistent valuation. (There may be other consistent valuations.)
(A ∨ B) ∨ C
~C
~A ⊃ B
Answer: Consistent. Consistent valuation when A and B are true and C is false

Question 418:  Use indirect truth tables to determine whether each set of propositions is consistent. If the set is consistent, choose an option with a consistent valuation. (There may be other consistent valuations.)
P ≡ Q
~Q ≡ R
R ≡ P
S ≡ ~P
S ≡ R
Answer: Inconsistent

Question 419: Use indirect truth tables to determine whether the following argument is valid. If the argument is invalid, choose an option which presents a counterexample. (There may be other counterexamples as well.)
A ⊃ (~B ≡ C)
B ≡ D
~C ≡ ~D / ~A
Answer: Valid

Question 420:  Construct a complete truth table for the following pairs of propositions. Then, using the truth tables, determine whether the statements are logically equivalent or contradictory. If neither, determine whether they are consistent or inconsistent. Justify your answers.
A ⊃ ~B and B ⊃ A
Answer: Neither logically equivalent nor contradictory, but consistent

Question 421: As of 2014, about what percentage of primary aged children in Sub-Saharan Africa were out-of-school?
Answer: 20%

Question 422: There are two billion children in the world today (2020), aged 0 to 15 years old. How many children will there be in the year 2100 according to the United Nations?
Answer: 2 billion

Question 423: As of 2020, about what percentage of the population in Sub-Saharan Africa, is living on less than $1.90?
Answer: 40%

Question 424: In which of the following country did the largest number of children die under the age of five years in 2017?
Answer: Pakistan

Question 425: Which of the following is true about the global growth rate?
Answer: The global growth rate was two times as high 50 years ago as it is in 2020.

Question 426: Most Latin American countries achieved independence
Answer: in the early nineteenth century

Question 427: After the Atom bomb how many Americans support giving aid to Japan even at the cost of food shortages?
Answer: 66%

Question 428: Total global healthcare expenditure is about what percentage of global GDP as of 2017?
Answer: 10%

Question 429: A gradual drop in the water level of a large lake divided it into three smaller lakes. The division separated a single population of fish into three smaller, isolated populations. After many generations it was determined that the three populations of fish had become three separate species. Which of the following is most likely correct about the three species?
Answer: There are differences in the nucleotide sequences of certain gene alleles among the species.

Question 430: Which of the following does NOT take place in the small intestine?
Answer: Pepsin breaks down proteins to amino acids.

Question 431: The moist skin of earthworms, spiracles of grasshoppers, and the mucus membranes lining alveoli are all associated with the process of
Answer: respiration

Question 432: Which of the following statements is correct about a man who has hemophilia and whose wife does not have the disease and who does not have any relatives with the disease?
Answer: All his daughters will be carriers.

Question 433: Which definition of evolution would have been most foreign to Charles Darwin during his lifetime?
Answer: change in gene frequency in gene pools

Question 434: Some animals have patterns that can cause a predator to think twice before attacking.
Answer: Deceptive markings

Question 435: Which of the following tends to be highest on the trophic pyramid?
Answer: Primary carnivores

Question 436: Which of the following changes in a gamete is most likely to lead to a heritable change in a protein?
Answer: Inserting two nucleotides in the genome at the beginning of a codon

Question 437: Based on periodic relationships, the bond strength, and the concept relating bond strength to acid strengths, which of the following correctly predicts the strength of binary acids from strongest to weakest?
Answer: H2Se > H2S > H2O

Question 438: Which of the following lists the electromagnetic spectral regions in order of decreasing wavelength?
Answer: infrared, visible, ultraviolet, X-ray

Question 439: Which of the following pairs of substances would make a good buffer solution?
Answer: HC2H3O2(aq) and NaC2H3O2(aq)

Question 440: Dissolving one mole of each of the oxoacids HNO2, HClO4, H2CO3, and H3PO4 in 2.0 L of distilled water results in solutions with different pH values. Arrange these acid solutions from the one with the highest pH to the one with the lowest pH.
Answer: H2CO3 > H3PO4 > HNO2 > HClO4

Question 441: Twenty-five milligrams of sucrose (C12H22O11) are dissolved in enough water to make 1.00 liter of solution. What is the molality of the solution?
Answer: 7.3 × 10^-5

Question 442: The equilibrium constant of a certain reaction is 2.6 × 10^8 at 25 °C. What is the value of ΔG°?
Answer: -48.0 kJ/mol

Question 443: A sample of an unknown chloride compound was dissolved in water, and then titrated with excess Pb(NO3)2 to create a precipitate. After drying, it is determined there are 0.0050 mol of precipitate present. What mass of chloride is present in the original sample?
Answer: 0.355 g

Question 444: 4NH3(g) + 5O2(g) → 4NO(g) + 6H2O(g) This reaction will experience a rate increase by the addition of a cataylst such as platinum. Which of the following best explains why?
Answer: The catalyst introduces a new reaction mechanism for the reaction.

Question 445: In Python 3, which of the following function removes all leading and trailing whitespace in string?
Answer: strip([chars])

Question 446: Which of the following best describes a Web server?
Answer: A computer system that delivers Web pages to clients

Question 447: A user purchased a new smart home device with embedded software and connected the device to a home network. The user then registered the device with the manufacturer, setting up an account using a personal e-mail and password. Which of the following explains how a phishing attack could occur against the user of the smart home device?
Answer: The user is sent an e-mail appearing to be from the manufacturer, asking the user to confirm the account password by clicking on a link in the e-mail and entering the password on the resulting page.

Question 448: In Python 3, let r = lambda q: q * 2. What is r(3)?
Answer: 6

Question 449: Consider the following list. - Assembly language - Block-based programming language - Logic gate - Machine language Which of the following arranges the list in order from highest level of abstraction to lowest level of abstraction?
Answer: Block-based programming language, assembly language, machine language, logic gate

Question 450: A large hospital maintains a list of patients’ records in no particular order. To find the record of a given patient, which represents the most efficient method that will work?
Answer: Do a sequential search on the name field of the records.

Question 451: Which types of functions grow the slowest?
Answer: O(N^(1/N))

Question 452: Which is a valid expression in Python 3.5?
Answer: sorted('ab')

Question 453: This question refers to the following information.
Read the following excerpt.
If civilized education developed in every child its natural inclinations, we should see nearly all rich children enamored of various very plebeian occupations, such as that of the mason, the carpenter, the smith, the saddler. I have instanced Louis the XVI, who loved the trade of locksmith; an Infanta of Spain preferred that of shoemaker; a certain king of Denmark gratified himself by manufacturing syringes; the former king of Naples loved to sell the fish he had caught in the market-place himself; the prince of Parma, whom Condillac had trained in metaphysical subtitles, in the understanding of intuition, of cognition, had no taste but for the occupation of church-warden and lay-brother.
The great majority of wealthy children would follow these plebeian tastes, if civilized education did not oppose the development of them; and if the filthiness of the workshops and the coarseness of the workmen did not arouse a repugnance stronger than the attraction. What child of a prince is there who has no taste for one of the four occupations I have just mentioned, that of mason, carpenter, smith, saddler, and who would not advance in them if he beheld from an early age the work carried on in blight workshops, by refined people, who would always arrange a miniature workshop for children, with little implements and light labor?
—Charles Fourier, On Education, 1838
Which of the following groups of intellectuals would Fourier belong to, according to the document above?
Answer: Utopian socialists

Question 454: This question refers to the following information.
The situation is critical in the extreme. In fact it is now absolutely clear that to delay the uprising would be fatal.
With all my might I urge comrades to realize that everything now hangs by a thread; that we are confronted by problems which are not to be solved by conferences or congresses (even congresses of Soviets), but exclusively by peoples, by the masses, by the struggle of the armed people. …
Who must take power? That is not important at present. Let the Revolutionary Military Committee do it, or "some other institution" which will declare that it will relinquish power only to the true representatives of the interests of the people, the interests of the army, the interests of the peasants, the interests of the starving.
All districts, all regiments, all forces must be mobilized at once and must immediately send their delegations to the Revolutionary Military Committee and to the Central Committee of the Bolsheviks with the insistent demand that under no circumstances should power be left in the hands of Kerensky [and his colleagues], … not under any circumstances; the matter must be decided without fail this very evening, or this very night.
Vladmir Illyich Lenin, "Call to Power," 1917
From the passage, one may infer that Lenin believed that
Answer: the Bolshevik faction could wait no longer to seize power

Question 455: This question refers to the following information.
The following entries are in the diary of Napoleon Bonaparte.
Paris has a short memory. If I remain longer doing nothing, I am lost. In this great Babylon one reputation quickly succeeds another. After I have been seen three times at the theatre, I shall not be looked at again. I shall therefore not go very frequently. (diary, 1798)
If the press is not bridled, I shall not remain three days in power. (diary, 1799)
The presence of a general is necessary; he is the head, he is the all in all of an army. It was not the Roman army that conquered Gaul, it was Caesar, it was not the Carthaginians that made the armies of the Roman republic tremble at the very gates of Rome, it was Hannibal. (diary, 1801)
My power proceeds from my reputation, and my reputation from the victories I have won. My power would fall if I were not to support it with more glory and more victories. Conquest has made me what I am; only conquest can maintain me. (diary, 1802)
The revolution in France is over and now there is only one party in France and I shall never allow the newspapers to say anything contrary to my interests. They may publish a few little articles with just a bit of poison in them, but one fine day I shall shut their mouths forever. (diary, 1805)
Napoleon instituted the Continental System to accomplish which of the following?
Answer: Defeat England through economic war

Question 456: This question refers to the following information.
"It's come! It's posted at the district mayor's office," a passerby shouted at me as he ran. I reached the Rue Drout in one leap. … I read the message at a glance. … "The First Day of Mobilization Will Be Sunday, August 2 [1914]." … It was an announcement to a million and a half Frenchmen. … War! … Dead tired but exhilarated, I got back to [my newspaper's office] and burst into the office of Georges Clemenceau, our chief. "What is Paris saying?" he asked me. "It's singing, sir!" "It will be all right then[," Clemenceau replied].
Roland Doregelès, After 50 Years, c. 1965
From the passage, one may infer that Doregelès
Answer: shared Paris's excitement about the advent of war

Question 457: This question refers to the following information.
"In 1500 that work appeared which Erasmus had written after his misfortune at Dover, and had dedicated to Mountjoy, the Adagiorum Collectanea. It was a collection of about eight hundred proverbial sayings drawn from the Latin authors of antiquity and elucidated for the use of those who aspired to write an elegant Latin style. In the dedication Erasmus pointed out the profit an author may derive, both in ornamenting his style and in strengthening his argumentation, from having at his disposal a good supply of sentences hallowed by their antiquity. He proposes to offer such a help to his readers. What he actually gave was much more. He familiarized a much wider circle than the earlier humanists had reached with the spirit of antiquity.
Until this time the humanists had, to some extent, monopolized the treasures of classic culture, in order to parade their knowledge of which the multitude remained destitute, and so to become strange prodigies of learning and elegance. With his irresistible need of teaching and his sincere love for humanity and its general culture, Erasmus introduced the classic spirit, in so far as it could be reflected in the soul of a sixteenth-century Christian, among the people. Not he alone; but none more extensively and more effectively. Not among all the people, it is true, for by writing in Latin he limited his direct influence to the educated classes, which in those days were the upper classes.
Erasmus made current the classic spirit. Humanism ceased to be the exclusive privilege of a few. According to Beatus Rhenanus he had been reproached by some humanists, when about to publish the Adagia, for divulging the mysteries of their craft. But he desired that the book of antiquity should be open to all."
Johan Huizinga, twentieth-century Dutch philosopher, Erasmus and the Age of Reformation, 1924
Based on Huizinga's description of Erasmus's career, the contributions of Erasmus are most similar to those of
Answer: Francesco Petrarch

Question 458: This question refers to the following information.
"XI. As the present sciences are useless for the discovery of effects, so the present system of logic is useless for the discovery of the sciences.
XIX. There are and can exist but two ways of investigating and discovering truth. The one hurries on rapidly from the senses and particulars to the most general axioms, and from them, as principles and their supposed indisputable truth, derives and discovers the intermediate axioms. This is the way now in use. The other constructs its axioms from the senses and particulars, by ascending continually and gradually, till it finally arrives at the most general axioms, which is the true but unattempted way.
XXII. Each of these two ways begins from the senses and particulars, and ends in the greatest generalities&…
XXXVI. We have but one simple method of delivering our sentiments, namely, we must bring men to particulars and their regular series and order, and they must for a while renounce their notions, and begin to form an acquaintance with things."
Francis Bacon, English philosopher and essayist, Novum Organum, 1620
How does the approach outlined in Novum Organum differ from the studies of the Renaissance era that preceded it?
Answer: The Renaissance revered the natural teachings of classical authority; Bacon's writings sought to overturn them.

Question 459: This question refers to the following information.
Under the name of Chartist well-meaning inconsiderate men and other misled men have in very many cases, all over the country from the extreme west to the extreme east and from Brighton in the south to nearly the extreme north of Scotland, denounced every man who is not a working man, applied to him, the grossest epithets and most atrocious intentions and conduct, have threatened them with vengeance and in some places, have proposed plans for the seizure and division of their property—numbers of misled men and others of bad character, under the self-denomination of Chartists have gone from place to place and in the most violent manner disturbed and dispersed meetings of various kinds. Your Committee object to the words Household Suffrage since under any honest definition of the words—they would exclude a large majority of the men of these kingdoms—and because they have become reasonably obnoxious to the political portion of the working people.
—Excerpt of a letter from British social reformer Francis Place, written in 1842
Which of the following best characterizes the historical point of view of the document above?
Answer: The author must not be a radical reformer because he criticizes the Chartists.

Question 460: This question refers to the following information.
For a long time, educated Germans answered it in the positive, initially by laying claim to a special German mission, then, after the collapse of 1945, by criticizing Germany's deviation from the West. Today, the negative view is predominant. Germany did not, according to the now prevailing opinion, differ from the great European nations to an extent that would justify speaking of a "unique German path." And, in any case, no country on earth ever took what can be described as the "normal path."
Heinrich August Winkler, Germany: The Long Road West, Volume 1, 2006
From this passage, one may infer that, prior to 1945,
Answer: there was significant belief in a unique German mission in history

Question 461: A society in which two or more population groups coexist while maintaining their unique culture demonstrates
Answer: cultural pluralism.

Question 462: The rehabilitation of old, rundown inner-city neighborhoods by middle- and high-income people is called
Answer: gentrification.

Question 463: What is the most widespread primary economic activity in the world?
Answer: Agriculture

Question 464: Which of the following is NOT usually a possible reason for migration?
Answer: Political party affiliation

Question 465: An immigrant learning English in the United States is an example of
Answer: acculturation.

Question 466: State-sponsored terrorism has occurred recently in which of the following countries?
Answer: Rwanda

Question 467: College students who live in dormitories near the college cafeteria are more likely to eat in the cafeteria. This is an example of
Answer: distance decay.

Question 468: Which of the following languages is NOT an example of a creole language in use today?
Answer: Hindi

Question 469: Which of the following accurately describes congressional committees? I. The committee chairpersons always belong to the majority party. II. Seats on each committee are divided between the two major parties in exact proportion to the parties' representation in Congress. III. They recommend whether Congress should pass various pieces of legislation, and those recommendations are always approved by the full congressional body. IV. When a committee vote results in a tie, the vice president casts the tie-breaking vote.
Answer: I only

Question 470: Which of the following describes an unintended result of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1974?
Answer: Thousands of political action committees were created to raise funds for candidates.

Question 471: Which of the following court decisions did NOT deal with the First Amendment?
Answer: Roe v. Wade

Question 472: The separation of church and state is articulated in the
Answer: establishment clause

Question 473: Which of the following statements best describes the central constitutional issue concerning the death penalty?
Answer: The death penalty arguably constitutes cruel and unusual punishment.

Question 474: Congress's power to determine national policy
Answer: usually increases as a president's popularity decreases, and vice versa

Question 475: The responsibilities of the secretary of state are most likely to overlap with those of
Answer: the chief national security advisor to the president

Question 476: Which of the following processes best exemplifies the federal structure of the United States government?
Answer: Amending the United States Constitution

Question 477: What will happen to the equilibrium price level and the equilibrium quantity of output if the aggregate demand curve shifts to the right? Assume an upward sloping aggregate supply curve.
Answer: The equilibrium price level and quantity of output increase.

Question 478: Stagflation occurs when
Answer: the price level rises and output falls

Question 479: In the circular-flow diagram households send to firms in return for
Answer: resources; wages and profits

Question 480: According to Classical economic theory a decrease in the money supply would
Answer: lower the price level in the economy.

Question 481: The Phillips curve
Answer: indicates that inflation will be high when unemployment is low.

Question 482: If the reserve requirement is 2 percent then the money multiplier is
Answer: 50

Question 483: A decline in the demand for money could be the result of
Answer: higher returns on bonds.

Question 484: A fixed output level in the long run at full-employment output corresponds with which of the following shapes of the long-run Phillips curve?
Answer: Vertical

Question 485: Exits on a highway are numbered consecutively from 1 to 50. The distance from exit 41 to exit 50 is 100 km. If each exit is at least 6 km from the next exit, what is the longest possible distance, in kilometers, between exit 47 and exit 48?
Answer: 52

Question 486: How many integers 1-9 are divisors of the five-digit number 24,516?
Answer: 6

Question 487: Divide $11$ by the reciprocal of $1815 \div 11$.
Answer: 1815

Question 488: Given that $a(a+2b) = \frac{104}3$, $b(b+2c) = \frac{7}{9}$, and $c(c+2a) = -7$, find $|a+b+c|$.
Answer: \frac{16}{3}

Question 489: Simplify $\frac{2+2i}{-3+4i}$. Express your answer as a complex number in the form $a+bi$, where $a$ and $b$ are real numbers.
Answer: \frac{2}{25} + \frac{-14}{25}i

Question 490: Compute $i+i^2+i^3+\cdots+i^{258}+i^{259}$.
Answer: -1

Question 491: For what value of c on 0 < x < 1 is the tangent to the graph of f (x) = e^x - x^2 parallel to the secant line on the interval [0,1]?
Answer: 0.351

Question 492: A teacher can grade 20 papers during an uninterrupted planning period and 10 papers for each hour he spends at home grading. What function models the number of papers he can grade given that he has 2 uninterrupted planning periods and x full hours devoted to grading at home?
Answer: 40 + 10x

Question 493: A change in which of the following will NOT cause a shift in the demand curve for hamburgers?
Answer: The price of hamburgers

Question 494: When marginal cost equals price in a perfectly competitive product market at long run equilibrium, which of the following is NOT correct?
Answer: It is a sign of high concentration among sellers.

Question 495: If, as the price of a particular good increases, the added satisfaction of each additional unit of this good for the consumer decreases, which of the following correctly identifies the concept?
Answer: Diminishing marginal utility.

Question 496: For a polluting steel company, a government action to most likely achieve an optimal or efficient outcome would produce what effect on the market equilibrium price and output?
Answer: Output would decrease, price would increase.

Question 497: Which of the following correctly identifies the condition that explains inefficiency for firms in a monopolistically competitive industry?
Answer: Excess capacity compared to competitive industries.

Question 498: If supply and demand both increase, the result is
Answer: a definite increase in quantity and an indeterminate change in price

Question 499: When the labor demand curve is downward-sloping, an increase in the minimum wage is
Answer: beneficial to some workers and harmful to other workers

Question 500: Usually, the supply curve of firms operating under conditions of perfect competition in product market would be identified as
Answer: more elastic in the long run.

Question 501: A lightweight toy car crashes head-on into a heavier toy truck. Which of the following statements is true as a result of the collision? I. The car will experience a greater impulse than the truck. II. The car will experience a greater change in momentum than the truck. III. The magnitude of the acceleration experienced by the car will be greater than that experienced by the truck.
Answer: III only

Question 502: A light bulb rated at 100 W is twice as bright as a bulb rated at 50 W when both are connected in parallel directly to a 100-V source. Now imagine that these bulbs are instead connected in series with each other. Which is brighter, and by how much?
Answer: The 50-W bulb is twice as bright.

Question 503: You have a wire of length L, radius Q, and resistance Q. You need to obtain half that resistance using the same material and changing only one factor. You could
Answer: use half the length

Question 504: A swimmer is able to propel himself forward through the water by moving his arms. Which of the following correctly states the applicant and recipient of the force responsible for the swimmer’s forward acceleration?
Answer: The force of the surrounding water on the swimmer’s arms

Question 505: A spherical balloon filled with helium is floating in air. If the balloon is inflated until its radius is doubled, how will the buoyant force on the balloon be affected?
Answer: It will increase by a factor of 8.

Question 506: An object initially at rest experiences a time-varying acceleration given by a = (2 m/s^3)t for t ≥ 0. How far does the object travel in the first 3 seconds?
Answer: 9 m

Question 507: A projectile is launched on level ground in a parabolic path so that its range would normally be 500 m. When the projectile is at the peak of its flight, the projectile breaks into two pieces of equal mass. One of these pieces falls straight down, with no further horizontal motion. How far away from the launch point does the other piece land?
Answer: 750 m

Question 508: It is observed that sounds can be heard around a corner but that light cannot be seen around a corner. What is a reasonable explanation for this observation?
Answer: Sound has a longer wavelength, which increases the diffraction.

Question 509: A psychologist who believes in the humanistic perspective would be most likely to agree with which of the following statements?
Answer: People's behavior is primarily a result of free will.

Question 510: Many experts on parenting recommend different approaches to responding to an infant's needs. Some emphasize responding promptly to a newborn's cries to instill a sense of security, whereas others suggest letting the baby "cry it out." Which of the following accounts of development would be most relevant when weighing these different approaches?
Answer: Erikson's model of psychosocial stages

Question 511: Which of the therapies listed below is no longer used to treat patients?
Answer: prefrontal lobotomy

Question 512: A research participant eats half a bowl of M&M candies, and then stops eating. How would a motivation researcher using drive reduction theory explain this participant's behavior?
Answer: The primary drive of hunger motivated the person to eat, and then stop when she/he regained homeostasis.

Question 513: Stimulation of norepinephrine receptors appears to produce
Answer: alertness

Question 514: The instrument that has traditionally been used in sleep research to assess activity in the brain is called the
Answer: electroencephalograph (EEG)

Question 515: Your girlfriend dumps you. "I knew you shouldn't have gone out with her," says your best friend, who has never uttered this sentiment before. Your friend's comment best illustrates
Answer: hindsight bias.

Question 516: A math teacher refuses to look at the grades her students received in the past in math classes. The teacher is worried that looking at their past grades might influence the ways she reacts to her students. What effect is the teacher trying to avoid?
Answer: self-fulfilling prophecy

Question 517: Random samples of size n are drawn from a population. The mean of each sample is calculated, and the standard deviation of this set of sample means is found. Then the procedure is repeated, this time with samples of size 4n. How does the standard deviation of the second group compare with the standard deviation of the first group?
Answer: It will be half as large.

Question 518: In sample surveys, what is meant by bias?
Answer: A systematic error in a sampling method that leads to an unrepresentative sample.

Question 519: A survey was conducted to determine the percentage of parents who would support raising the legal driving age to 18. The results were stated as 67% with a margin of error of ±3%. What is meant by ±3%?
Answer: It is unlikely that the given sample proportion result could be obtained unless the true percentage was between 64% and 70%.

Question 520: For which of these is a binomial probability model most reasonable?
Answer: The number of times, out of 10 attempts, that a particular child can throw a ball into a basket from six feet away

Question 521: Jonathan obtained a score of 80 on a statistics exam, placing him at the 90th percentile. Suppose five points are added to everyone's score. Jonathan's new score will be at the
Answer: 90th percentile.

Question 522: A sample of size 35 is to be drawn from a large population. The sampling technique is such that every possible sample of size 35 that could be drawn from the population is equally likely. What name is given to this type of sample?
Answer: Simple random sample

Question 523: Suppose 4% of the population have a certain disease. A laboratory blood test gives a positive reading for 95% of people who have the disease and for 5% of people who do not have the disease. If a person tests positive, what is the probability the person has the disease?
Answer: 0.442

Question 524: Two variables, xand y, seem to be exponentially related. The natural logarithm of each yvalue is taken and the least-squares regression line of ln(y) on xis determined to be ln(y) = 3.2 + 0.42x. What is the predicted value of ywhen x= 7?
Answer: 464.05

Question 525: This question refers to the following information.
Our leaders talk about stopping aggression from the north, but this was a struggle among groups of Vietnamese until we intervened. We seem bent upon saving the Vietnamese from Ho Chi Minh even if we have to kill them and demolish their country to do it. As the native people survey bombed-out villages, women and children burned by napalm, rice crops destroyed and cities overrun with our military personnel, they are doubtless saying secretly of the Vietcong guerillas and of the American forces, "A plague on both your houses." … Stop the bombing, north and south, end search and destroy offensive sweeps, and confine our military action to holding operations on the ground. Bombing the north has failed to halt or seriously check the flow of troops to the south and may, in fact, have prompted a much greater war effort by Hanoi.
—Senator George McGovern, "The Lessons of Vietnam," April 25, 1967
The sentiments expressed in the speech most directly reflect which popular attitude that became widespread in the 1960s?
Answer: Government statements about Vietnam could not be trusted.

Question 526: This question refers to the following information.
"Your sentiments, that our affairs are drawing rapidly to a crisis, accord with my own. What the event will be is also beyond the reach of my foresight. We have errors to correct. We have probably had too good an opinion of human nature in forming our confederation. Experience has taught us that men will not adopt and carry into execution measures the best calculated for their own good without the intervention of a coercive power. I do not conceive that we can exist long as a nation without having lodged somewhere a power which will pervade the whole Union in as energetic a manner as the authority of the state governments extends over the several states. . . .
"What astonishing changes a few years are capable of producing. I am told that even respectable characters speak of a monarchical form of government without horror. . . . What a triumph for our enemies to verify their predictions! What a triumph for the advocates of despotism to find that we are incapable of governing ourselves, and that systems founded on the basis of equal liberty are merely ideal and fallacious. . . ."
—George Washington, letter to John Jay, August 1, 1786
In subsequent U.S. history, those who shared the sentiments George Washington expressed in the letter, above, would most likely have taken which of the following positions?
Answer: Support for ratification of the Constitution in 1789.

Question 527: This question refers to the following information.
"Whereas the laws and treaties of the United States, without interfering with the free expression of opinion and sympathy, or with the commercial manufacture or sale of arms or munitions of war, nevertheless impose upon all persons who may be within their territory and jurisdiction the duty of an impartial neutrality during the existence of the contest; And Whereas it is the duty of a neutral government not to permit or suffer the making of its waters subservient to the purposes of war;
"Now, Therefore, I, Woodrow Wilson, President of the United States of America, in order to preserve the neutrality of the United States…do hereby declare and proclaim….
"That the statutes and the treaties of the United States and the law of nations alike require that no person, within the territory and jurisdiction of the United States, shall take part, directly or indirectly, in the said wars, but shall remain at peace with all of the said belligerents, and shall maintain a strict and impartial neutrality…."
Woodrow Wilson, 1914
The statement above was most likely prompted by which of the following world events?
Answer: Austria-Hungary's declaration of war against Serbia

Question 528: This question refers to the following information.
"In the new Code of Laws which I suppose it will be necessary for you to make I desire you would Remember the Ladies, and be more generous and favorable to them than your ancestors. Do not put such unlimited power into the hands of the Husbands. Remember all Men would be tyrants if they could. If particular care and attention is not paid to the Ladies we are determined to foment a Rebellion, and will not hold ourselves bound by any Laws in which we have no voice, or Representation."
Abigail Adams, in a letter to John Adams, 1776
"Special legislation for woman has placed us in a most anomalous position. Women invested with the rights of citizens in one section—voters, jurors, office-holders—crossing an imaginary line, are subjects in the next. In some States, a married woman may hold property and transact business in her own name; in others, her earnings belong to her husband. In some States, a woman may testify against her husband, sue and be sued in the courts; in others, she has no redress in case of damage to person, property, or character. In case of divorce on account of adultery in the husband, the innocent wife is held to possess no right to children or property, unless by special decree of the court. But in no State of the Union has the wife the right to her own person, or to any part of the joint earnings of the co-partnership during the life of her husband. In some States women may enter the law schools and practice in the courts; in others they are forbidden. In some universities girls enjoy equal educational advantages with boys, while many of the proudest institutions in the land deny them admittance, though the sons of China, Japan and Africa are welcomed there. But the privileges already granted in the several States are by no means secure."
Susan B. Anthony, "Declaration of Rights for Women," July 4, 1876
The excerpts above best support which of the following conclusions?
Answer: Women's rights movements flourished in response to inconsistent legislation and unequal distributions of power throughout the nation.

Question 529: This question refers to the following information.
Let us not, I beseech you sir, deceive ourselves. Sir, we have done everything that could be done, to avert the storm which is now coming on. We have petitioned; we have remonstrated; we have supplicated; we have prostrated ourselves before the throne, and have implored its interposition to arrest the tyrannical hands of the ministry and Parliament. Our petitions have been slighted; our remonstrances have produced additional violence and insult; our supplications have been disregarded; and we have been spurned, with contempt, from the foot of the throne. In vain, after these things, may we indulge the fond hope of peace and reconciliation. There is no longer any room for hope.… It is in vain, sir, to extenuate the matter. Gentlemen may cry, Peace, Peace, but there is no peace. The war is actually begun! The next gale that sweeps from the north will bring to our ears the clash of resounding arms! Our brethren are already in the field! Why stand we here idle? What is it that gentlemen wish? What would they have? Is life so dear, or peace so sweet, as to be purchased at the price of chains and slavery? Forbid it, Almighty God! I know not what course others may take; but as for me, give me liberty or give me death!
—Patrick Henry, March 23, 1775
Which of the following nineteenth-century groups most directly saw themselves as following in the tradition of Patrick Henry?
Answer: Southern secessionists

Question 530: This question refers to the following information.
"Society in every state is a blessing, but government even in its best state is but a necessary evil; in its worst state an intolerable one; for when we suffer, or are exposed to the same miseries by a government, which we might expect in a country without government, our calamity is heightened by reflecting that we furnish the means by which we suffer. Government, like dress, is the badge of lost innocence; the palaces of kings are built on the ruins of the bowers of paradise. For were the impulses of conscience clear, uniform, and irresistibly obeyed, man would need no other lawgiver; but that not being the case, he finds it necessary to surrender up a part of his property to furnish means for the protection of the rest; and this he is induced to do by the same prudence which in every other case advises him out of two evils to choose the least. Wherefore, security being the true design and end of government, it unanswerably follows that whatever form thereof appears most likely to ensure it to us, with the least expense and greatest benefit, is preferable to all others."
Thomas Paine, Common Sense, 1776
Which of the following is most harmonious with the sentiment expressed in the excerpt?
Answer: A limited republican government is preferable to a monarchy.

Question 531: This question refers to the following information.
"The economic ills we suffer have come upon us over several decades. They will not go away in days, weeks, or months, but they will go away. They will go away because we as Americans have the capacity now, as we've had in the past, to do whatever needs to be done to preserve this last and greatest bastion of freedom. In this present crisis, government is not the solution to our problem; government is the problem. . . .
"It is my intention to curb the size and influence of the Federal establishment and to demand recognition of the distinction between the powers granted to the Federal Government and those reserved to the States or to the people. All of us need to be reminded that the Federal Government did not create the States; the States created the Federal Government."
—Ronald Reagan, First Inaugural Address, January 21, 1981
Which of the following would have most likely agreed with President Reagan's statement that the federal government was created by the states and the federal government's role should be limited?
Answer: The Anti-Federalists.

Question 532: This question refers to the following information.
"Is there no danger to our liberty and independence in a bank that in its nature has so little to bind it to our country? The president of the bank has told us that most of the State banks exist by its forbearance. Should its influence become concentrated, as it may under the operation of such an act as this, in the hands of a self-elected directory whose interests are identified with those of the foreign stockholders, will there not be cause to tremble for the purity of our elections in peace and for the independence of our country in war? Their power would be great whenever they might choose to exert it; but if this monopoly were regularly renewed every fifteen or twenty years on terms proposed by themselves, they might seldom in peace put forth their strength to influence elections or control the affairs of the nation. But if any private citizen or public functionary should interpose to curtail its powers or prevent a renewal of its privileges, it cannot be doubted that he would be made to feel its influence."
President Andrew Jackson, Veto of the Bank of the United States, 1832
The debate over the First Bank of the United States was significant because it raised the issue of
Answer: how strictly the Constitution should be interpreted

Question 533: This question refers to the following information.
"In Northern India the existence of separate States at this period is usually little more than a question of words. A zamindar who paid revenue to the Mogul was clearly in a position of dependence, and if he wished to establish a claim to sovereignty, the first step was to refuse, or omit to pay revenue. Such an omission might, however, arise from various other causes, and it is probable that in Rajputana, Central India, and Chota Nagpur there were numerous chiefs and tribes occupying what constitutional lawyers would regard as an anomalous position, sometimes paying the stipulated revenue, sometimes in open rebellion, and sometimes enjoying practical independence because the Mogul authorities found it inconvenient to undertake active measures of coercion."
W.H. Moreland, India at the Death of Akbar, 1920
Which of the following characteristics most accurately defines the "zamindar[s]" mentioned in the text?
Answer: Hindu aristocrats

Question 534: This question refers to the following information.
This ruler of Syria made me spend many years as commander of his army,
Every land to which I turned
I overcame.
I destroyed its green fields and its wells,
I captured its cattle, I took captive its inhabitants, I deprived them of their provisions,
and I slew [many] people…by my sword, my bow, my marchings, and my good devices.
Thus my excellence was in his heart; he loved me and he knew my valor;
…he set me at the head of his sons, when he saw the success of my handiwork.
There came a champion of Syria
to defy me in my tent;
a bold man without equal, for he had vanquished all his rivals.
He said, "Let Sanehat fight with me."
He thought to overcome me; he designed to take my cattle, thus being counseled by his tribe.
The Tale of Sanehat, Egyptian poem written during the Middle Kingdom, ca.1800 B.C.E.
Which of the following developments in early urban societies in Mesopotamia and Egypt is most directly supported by the passage?
Answer: The militarism of early Mesopotamian polities

Question 535: This question refers to the following information.
"Article 1
The Parties undertake, as set forth in the Charter of the United Nations, to settle any international dispute in which they may be involved by peaceful means in such a manner that international peace and security and justice are not endangered, and to refrain in their international relations from the threat or use of force in any manner inconsistent with the purposes of the United Nations.
"Article 2
The Parties will contribute toward the further development of peaceful and friendly international relations by strengthening their free institutions, by bringing about a better understanding of the principles upon which these institutions are founded, and by promoting conditions of stability and well-being. They will seek to eliminate conflict in their international economic policies and will encourage economic collaboration between any or all of them.
"Article 3
In order more effectively to achieve the objectives of this Treaty, the Parties, separately and jointly, by means of continuous and effective self-help and mutual aid, will maintain and develop their individual and collective capacity to resist armed attack…
"Article 5
The Parties agree that an armed attack against one or more of them in Europe or North America shall be considered an attack against them all and consequently they agree that, if such an armed attack occurs, each of them, in exercise of the right of individual or collective self-defence recognised by Article 51 of the Charter of the United Nations, will assist the Party or Parties so attacked by taking forthwith, individually and in concert with the other Parties, such action as it deems necessary, including the use of armed force, to restore and maintain the security of the North Atlantic area."
North Atlantic Treaty, April 4, 1949
Which of the following best explains why the North Atlantic Treaty was signed by its participating countries?
Answer: The threat from opposing states was sufficient enough to join in alliance for the sake of protection.

Question 536: This question refers to the following information.
Meng Yizi asked about the treatment of parents. The Master said, "Never disobey!" When Fan Chi was driving his carriage for him, [he asked], "In what sense did you mean this?" The Master said, "While they are alive, serve them according to proper ritual. When they die, bury them according to proper ritual, and sacrifice to them according to proper ritual."
Confucius, The Analects, Book 2, Chapter 5
Which of the following ideals does the passage above exemplify?
Answer: Filial piety

Question 537: This question refers to the following information.
An Act to place certain restrictions on Immigration and to provide for the removal from the Commonwealth of Prohibited Immigrants.
…
3. The immigration into the Commonwealth of the persons described in any of the following paragraphs in this section (hereinafter called "prohibited immigrants") is prohibited, namely
(a) Any person who when asked to do so by an officer fails to write out at dictation and sign in the presence of the officer a passage of fifty words in length in a European language directed by the officer;
(b) Any person in the opinion of the Minister or of an officer to become a charge upon the public or upon any public or charitable organisation;
…
(g) Any persons under a contract or agreement to perform manual labour within the Commonwealth: Provided that this paragraph shall not apply to workmen exempted by the Minister for special skill required by Australia…
Immigration Restriction Act of 1901 (Australia)
Whereas in the opinion of the Government of the United States the coming of Chinese laborers to this country endangers the good order of certain localities within the territory thereof;
Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That from and after the expiration of ninety days next after the passage of this act, the coming of Chinese laborers to the United States be suspended; and during such suspension it shall not be lawful for any Chinese laborer to come, or having so come after the expiration of said ninety days to remain within the United States.
SEC. 2. That the master of every vessel who shall knowingly bring within the United States on such vessel, and land or permit to be landed, any Chinese laborer, from any foreign port or place, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and on conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not more than five hundred dollars for each and every such Chinese laborer so brought, and may be also imprisoned for a term not exceeding one year….
Chinese Exclusion Act of 1882 (United States)
What broad trend from the 1800s formed the background for the enactment of the laws described in both passages?
Answer: The Pacific-wide migration of Indian and Chinese indentured laborers

Question 538: This question refers to the following information.
"And then Shapur, King of Kings, passed away. Then his son Hormizd, King of Kings, rose over the empire. And Hormizd, King of Kings, conferred on me cap and belt and created for me a higher rank and dignity, and at court and in kingdom after kingdom, place after place, throughout the whole empire he gave me more authority and power in matters of the divine services, and created for me the title "Kerdir, Ahura Mazda's [Chief Priest]" after the name of Ahura Mazda, the Deity. And thereupon in kingdom after kingdom, place after place, many divine services were performed in magnificence, and many Warham fires were established, and many magi became happy and prosperous, and many fires and magi were imperially installed…
And then Hormizd, King of Kings, passed away. Then Bahram, King of Kings, son of Shapur, King of Kings, and brother of Hormizd, King of Kings, rose over the empire. And Bahram, King of Kings, also held me in high honor and dignity and at court and in kingdom after kingdom, place after place, gave me authority and power for divine services of every sort. And thereupon in kingdom after kingdom, place after place, many divine services were performed in magnificence and many Warharan fires were established, and many magi became happy and prosperous, and many fires and magi were imperially installed…
And in kingdom after kingdom and place after place throughout the whole empire the services of Ahura Mazda and the gods became preeminent, and great dignity came to the Mazdayanian religion and the magi in the empire, and the gods and water and fire and small cattle in the empire attained great satisfaction, while Ahriman [the evil counterpart to Ahura Mazda] and the demons were punished and rebuked, and the teachings of Ahriman and the demons departed from the empire and were abandoned. And Jews, Buddhists, Hindus, Nasoreans [Orthodox Christians], Christians, Maktak [Baptists], and Manichaeans in the empire were smitten, and destruction of idols and scattering of the stores of the demons and god-seats and nests was abandoned."
Excerpt from the inscription of Kerdir at Naqsh-e-Rustam, Persia, late third century C.E.
The source best illustrates which of the following aspects of religions in the period circa 600 B.C.E.–600 C.E.?
Answer: Some empires imposed uniformity of belief systems across their domains.

Question 539: This question refers to the following information.
I have, in conformity without resolve, put together some few points concerning the reformation of the Christian estate, with the intent of placing the same before the Christian nobility of the German nation. . . . It is not out of mere arrogance and perversity that I, an individual poor man, have taken upon me to address your lordships. The distress and misery that oppress all the Christian estates, more especially in Germany, have led not only myself, but every one else, to cry aloud and to ask for help. . . . These Romanists have, with great adroitness, drawn three walls around themselves, with which they have hitherto protected themselves, so that no one could reform them, whereby all Christendom has fallen terribly. . . . That the Temporal Power Has no Jurisdiction over the Spirituality . . . That No One May Interpret the Scriptures but the Pope . . . That No One May Call a Council but the Pope. . . . Let us now consider the matters which should be treated in the councils, and with which popes, cardinals, bishops, and all learned men should occupy themselves day and night. . . . It is a distressing and terrible thing to see that the head of Christendom, who boasts of being the vicar of Christ and the successor of St. Peter, lives in a worldly pomp that no king or emperor can equal. What is the use in Christendom of the people called "cardinals"? I will tell you. In Italy and Germany there are many rich convents, endowments, fiefs, and benefices, and as the best way of getting these into the hands of Rome, they created cardinals, and gave them the sees, convents, and prelacies, and thus destroyed the service of God.
—Martin Luther, Address to the Christian Nobility of the German Nation
In response to the criticisms raised by Martin Luther and other Protestant reformers, the Roman Catholic Church made which of the following moves at the Council of Trent?
Answer: It rejected salvation based on faith alone.

Question 540: This question refers to the following information.
This ruler of Syria made me spend many years as commander of his army,
Every land to which I turned
I overcame.
I destroyed its green fields and its wells,
I captured its cattle, I took captive its inhabitants, I deprived them of their provisions,
and I slew [many] people…by my sword, my bow, my marchings, and my good devices.
Thus my excellence was in his heart; he loved me and he knew my valor;
…he set me at the head of his sons, when he saw the success of my handiwork.
There came a champion of Syria
to defy me in my tent;
a bold man without equal, for he had vanquished all his rivals.
He said, "Let Sanehat fight with me."
He thought to overcome me; he designed to take my cattle, thus being counseled by his tribe.
The Tale of Sanehat, Egyptian poem written during the Middle Kingdom, ca.1800 B.C.E.
Which of the following best describes foreign policy followed by the Egyptian New Kingdom, which existed between 1550 and 1069 B.C.E.?
Answer: War with the Hittites over control of Syria and the Levant

Question 541: One difference between the friendships of older and younger adults is that older adults
Answer: Have more cross gender friendships

Question 542: The most frequently used test designed to assess a cognitive disorder is the
Answer: MMSE

Question 543: The strongest research technique for determining genetic contributions to longevity is to compare
Answer: Identical and fraternal twins

Question 544: Cells taken from a body and grown in a nutritional and protected culture will
Answer: Stop dividing when their telomere strands are gone

Question 545: Typically the longest phase of grieving is which of the following?
Answer: Disorganization and despair

Question 546: Which of the following is an example of accumulating garbage?
Answer: Lipofuscin

Question 547: Which of the following is an anti-oxidant?
Answer: Vitamin E

Question 548: The most frequent fatal accident for older adults is a
Answer: Fall

Question 549: Axl Tulip has a thin clear discharge coming from his penis and mild discomfort when he urinates. He is most likely suffering from _______ and should be treated with ________.
Answer: chlamydia tetracycline

Question 550: In adulthood, exhibitionists
Answer: are unassertive

Question 551: Before contact with Europeans, many First Nations populations viewed gay men, lesbians, and people who assumed cross-gender roles with
Answer: respect and admiration.

Question 552: __________, an odorous steroid that is well documented as a pheremone in pigs, has been isolated in the underarm sweat of humans.
Answer: Androstenol

Question 553: What is the last stage in the "coming out" process?
Answer: Integration

Question 554: The people of Inis Beag believe that:
Answer: menopause can produce insanity

Question 555: The feedback loop in women which regulates the production of sex hormones includes all but which of the following?
Answer: introitus

Question 556: IUD use has been linked with which of the following
Answer: all of the above

Question 557: What kind of State practice is required?
Answer: Widespread, consistent and uniform practice, consisting both of acts and omissions.

Question 558: Which of the following statements is inaccurate?
Answer: Proportionality is the same as reasonableness

Question 559: In the Grootboom case in South Africa the Supreme Court
Answer: Found that the state had to take reasonable steps to fulfil its obligation to the appellants under the right to housing in the Constitution

Question 560: Which rule of jus cogens was the first to be accepted explicitly as such by the ICJ?
Answer: The prohibition of genocide

Question 561: In which cases may a non-injured State invoke the responsibility of the culprit State?
Answer: In cases of breaches of specific obligations protecting the collective interests of a group of States (obligations erga omnes partes) or the interests of the international community as a whole (obligations erga omnes)

Question 562: What is required for a general rule of customary law to be formed?
Answer: Both the elements of widespread and consistent State practice and of the opinio juris are required

Question 563: What is 'material breach' of the treaty?
Answer: 'Material breach' is the repudiation or a significant violation of the treaty and serves as a ground for the unilateral termination of the treaty

Question 564: What does the 'fundamental change of circumstances' entail for the treaty?
Answer: A fundamental change of the circumstances which constituted an essential basis of the consent of the parties to be bound by the treaty and which was not foreseen by the parties, may be invoked as a ground for terminating or withdrawing from the treaty

Question 565: Which proposition below is the most powerful refutation of Olivecrona's psychological explanation of law?
Answer: He provides no empirical evidence in support of his thesis.

Question 566: Who was the first jurist to study comparative aspect of law?
Answer: Maine

Question 567: Which proposition below can be characterized as the most powerful refutation of Bentham's argument in support of codification?
Answer: The law is too complex to be codified.

Question 568: Posner's economic analysis of law is roundly attacked by Dworkin who says the theory 'has not achieved the beginning of a beginning.' What is the basis of this criticism?
Answer: It regards wealth as a value, which it is not.

Question 569: What is meant by 'asking the women question'?
Answer: Attempting to expose the gender consequence of rules and practices that may seem to be objective or neutral.

Question 570: Why is Bentham's account of sovereignty generally considered to be more sophisticated - and more acceptable - than Austin's?
Answer: Because Bentham recognizes the possibility of limiting the sovereign's power.

Question 571: State legislatures often delegate lawmaking authority to local government bodies, including cities and municipalities, counties, school districts, water districts, and such. These governmental units are empowered to adopt ________.
Answer: ordinances

Question 572: The Marxist and critical race theory notions espoused by CRT are diametrically opposed to our democratic ideals.'
Which statement below is the most powerful refutation of this view?
Answer: This is an unjustifiably narrow view of the CRT agenda.

Question 573: Which of the following fallacies happens when someone argues that a claim should be accepted based on evidence that is not presented, but is asserted to be well known or obvious.
Answer: self evident truths

Question 574: Attempts to gain agreement only by trying to arouse particular feelings about the subject of the argument is the fallacy of
Answer: appeal to emotion

Question 575: When someone confuses figurative language with literal language that person might commit which of the following fallacies?
Answer: Figure of speech

Question 576: When people argue that an idea must be true because a lot of people believe it they commit which of the following fallacies?
Answer: ad populum

Question 577: Which type of syllogism has a major premise that takes the form of "Either A or B"?
Answer: Disjunctive

Question 578: "Anecdotal evidence" is a fallacy that happens when an arguer
Answer: substitutes individual stories for a larger sample as support for a generalization.

Question 579: _Cum hoc ergo prompter hoc_ is another name for which fallacy?
Answer: Concomitant variation

Question 580: Another name for the fallacy of appeal to force is
Answer: ad baculum

Question 581: Which of the following guidelines is applicable to initialization of the weight vector in a fully connected neural network.
Answer: Should not set it to zero since otherwise (stochastic) gradient descent will explore a very small space

Question 582: Statement 1| The L2 penalty in a ridge regression is equivalent to a Laplace prior on the weights. Statement 2| There is at least one set of 4 points in R^3 that can be shattered by the hypothesis set of all 2D planes in R^3.
Answer: False, True

Question 583: For the one-parameter model, mean-Square error (MSE) is defined as follows: 1/(2N) \sum (y_n − β_0)^2 . We have a half term in the front because,
Answer: it does not matter whether half is there or not. 

Question 584: In Yann LeCun's cake, the cherry on top is
Answer: reinforcement learning

Question 585: What is the dimensionality of the null space of the following matrix? A = [[1, 1, 1], [1, 1, 1], [1, 1, 1]]
Answer: 2

Question 586: The number of test examples needed to get statistically significant results should be _
Answer: Larger if the error rate is smaller.

Question 587: Compared to the variance of the Maximum Likelihood Estimate (MLE), the variance of the Maximum A Posteriori (MAP) estimate is ________
Answer: lower

Question 588: Which of the following best describes the joint probability distribution P(X, Y, Z) for the given Bayes net. X <- Y -> Z?
Answer: P(X, Y, Z) = P(Y) * P(X|Y) * P(Z|Y)

Question 589: Simon (1960) is associated with what type of decision making model?
Answer: Administrative

Question 590: At what level of an organisation does a corporate manager operate?
Answer: Top level

Question 591: Which one is not a recognised key skill of management?
Answer: Writing skills

Question 592: Which one of the following is not a characteristic of a bureaucratic organisation?
Answer: Change

Question 593: To what does authority refer?
Answer: The power to command and direct

Question 594: Power distance in national cultures is a characteristic of a model by which writer?
Answer: Geert Hofstede

Question 595: What are the three interpersonal roles of managers?
Answer: Figurehead, leader and liaison

Question 596: Which of the following motivators is the most basic need in Maslow's hierarchy?
Answer: Physiological

Question 597:  An electronic version of the spoken endorsement of an offering is known as:
Answer: Viral marketing.

Question 598: _____________ often help set the technical specifications for the proposed purchase and assist the evaluation of alternative offerings by potential suppliers. These may be consultants hired to complete a particular project.
Answer: Influencers.

Question 599: Which of the following are the three broad groups of consumer segmentation criteria?
Answer: Behavioural, psychological, and profile criteria.

Question 600:  This is the unpaid peer-to-peer communication of often provocative content originating from an identified sponsor using the Internet to persuade or influence an audience to pass along the content to others:
Answer: Viral marketing.

Question 601: Bollywood cinema aimed at audiences in the Indian sub-continent and at diaspora around the world, using strong love and ethical themes, and a musical format, is an example of:
Answer: Ethnic marketing.

Question 602:  Segmentation by benefits sought is a type of product-related segmentation:
Answer: That focuses on the attributes that people seek in a product.

Question 603: The ________________method is one of the main approaches to segmenting markets by adopting the view that the market consists of customers that are essentially the same, so the task is to identify groups which share particular differences.
Answer: Breakdown.

Question 604:  Supply chain management (SCM) embraces four main activities. Which of the following is NOT one of the activities?
Answer: Customer services.

Question 605: RFLP analysis is a technique that
Answer: uses hybridization to detect specific DNA restriction fragments in genomic DNA

Question 606: Repeat core sequences consisting of 2, 3, or 4 base pairs are known as what?
Answer: Microsatellites

Question 607: Marfan syndrome is caused by mutations in the gene which encodes _______.
Answer: Fibrillin

Question 608: If an autosomal recessive disorder which shows Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium has an incidence of 1 in 6400 then the frequency of carriers is approximately _______.
Answer: 1 in 40

Question 609: Tracing of a cell lineage during development means that
Answer: the cells giving rise to and derived from a specific cell are known

Question 610: Assuming that the level of glucose is low, a mutation in the repressor of the lac operon in E. coli, preventing binding of the repressor to the operator, should result in:
Answer: constitutive expression of the lac operon genes

Question 611: The presence of an extra digit is referred to as __________.
Answer: polydactyly

Question 612: Which of the following statements about heritability are true?
Answer: is a measure of the proportion of variation that is due to genetic causes

Question 613: In Mister Rogers' theme song what does he ask you to be?
Answer: his neighbor

Question 614: Which of the following items will be attracted to the north pole of a permanent magnet by a magnetic force?
Answer: A piece of iron that is not a permanent magnet

Question 615: If each of the following meals provides the same number of calories, which meal requires the most land to produce the food?
Answer: Steak and a baked potato

Question 616: A triptych is a work of art that is painted on how many panels?
Answer: three

Question 617: What is the singular form of the word 'graffiti'?
Answer: graffito

Question 618: Which of the following systems within a vehicle produces the power needed to move it?
Answer: Propulsion

Question 619: What is the principal ingredient in traditional cole slaw?
Answer: Cabbage

Question 620: How long is Hanukkah?
Answer: eight days

Question 621:  Which of the following is an example of a virtue?
Answer: courage

Question 622:  The main difference between "actual act principles" (like the harm principle) and "internal principles" (like the universalizability principle) is that
Answer: internal principles focus on the agent's motives for acting.

Question 623:  According to retributivist theories of punishment, those who break the law should be punished because
Answer: they deserve it.

Question 624:  According to Gardiner, which of the following is an important implication of the fact that carbon dioxide is a long-lived greenhouse gas?
Answer: all of the above

Question 625:  Gill describes Kass, Pelegrino, and Callahan as arguing that the withdrawal of life-sustaining treatment is morally acceptable while physician-assisted suicide is not. In their view, this is because
Answer: the main intention of physicians who withdraw treatment is to relieve suffering, not kill the patient.

Question 626:  Reiman raises objections to the arguments presented by
Answer: van den Haag.

Question 627:  The main purpose of the veil of ignorance in Rawls's theory of justice is to
Answer: prevent people in the original position from selecting principles that favor their particular positions .

Question 628:  To say that the consequentialist account of right action is a maximizing conception is to say that, according to the account,
Answer: we ought to perform that action the consequences of which will have at least as much overall value as any of the alternative actions.

Question 629: For which of these two scenarios does the main character (who uses I/me/my) do something clearly morally wrong, according to ordinary moral standards in the US as of 2020? Scenario 1 | I cheered for the police officer as he helped the old woman. Scenario 2 | I looked up at the gorgeous chandelier and threw a rock at it.
Answer: Not wrong, Wrong

Question 630: For which of these two scenarios does the main character (who uses I/me/my) do something clearly morally wrong, according to ordinary moral standards in the US as of 2020? Scenario 1 | I called the police on my child for not taking out the trash Scenario 2 | I am the junior high teacher Mr. Johnson, and I said to one student that I find the junior high student Chloe's powerpoint presentation very pretty and aesthetically pleasurable.
Answer: Wrong, Not wrong

Question 631: For which of these two scenarios does the main character (who uses I/me/my) do something clearly morally wrong, according to ordinary moral standards in the US as of 2020? Scenario 1 | I brought home two hundred new kittens for my family. Scenario 2 | My brother is in a wheelchair so I got him a skateboard.
Answer: Wrong, Wrong

Question 632: For which of these two scenarios does the main character (who uses I/me/my) do something clearly morally wrong, according to ordinary moral standards in the US as of 2020? Scenario 1 | Because my nephew is only 6, I will get him real darts. Scenario 2 | I walked throughout the store and placed items in my cart.
Answer: Wrong, Not wrong

Question 633: For which of these two scenarios does the main character (who uses I/me/my) do something clearly morally wrong, according to ordinary moral standards in the US as of 2020? Scenario 1 | I bought some beer from the liquor store because I am 24. Scenario 2 | I helped him in academics by studying for his standardized examination.
Answer: Not wrong, Not wrong

Question 634: For which of these two scenarios does the main character (who uses I/me/my) do something clearly morally wrong, according to ordinary moral standards in the US as of 2020? Scenario 1 | I ironed the clothes while my children were wearing them. Scenario 2 | I jumped on the beautiful new trampoline.
Answer: Wrong, Not wrong

Question 635: For which of these two scenarios does the main character (who uses I/me/my) do something clearly morally wrong, according to ordinary moral standards in the US as of 2020? Scenario 1 | I wrote a petition for the governor to resign after he misused the city's money for his own personal use. Scenario 2 | I hurt myself when I slipped in the shower.
Answer: Not wrong, Not wrong

Question 636: For which of these two scenarios does the main character (who uses I/me/my) do something clearly morally wrong, according to ordinary moral standards in the US as of 2020? Scenario 1 | I threw my children at the bear to distract it. Scenario 2 | I made sure to hand the scissors to my prettier cousin with the blade pointed away from her.
Answer: Wrong, Not wrong

Question 637: Which of the following statements is correct?

Answer: "Prediabetes" is a condition characterized by an increased risk for the future development of type 2 diabetes

Question 638: On average, obese people have a higher basal metabolic rate (BMR) than lean people, mainly because the body of the obese has more (in kg):

Answer: Lean mass (fat-free mass)

Question 639: Which of the following vitamins is involved in transamination of amino acids?

Answer: Vitamin B6

Question 640: Which of the following is the most frequently used anthropometric measure to estimate body mass?

Answer: Body weight

Question 641: Deficiency of which of the following vitamins results in megaloblastic anaemia?

Answer: Folate

Question 642: What is the energy need of a sedentary 43-year old woman who weighs 63 kg?

Answer: 1350 kcal/day

Question 643: Why were low-carbohydrate diets not recommended previously?

Answer: Due to possible cardiovascular side-effects

Question 644: Which of the following will have the lowest glycaemic index?

Answer: A raw potato

Question 645: Singer’s argument begins with the assumption that:
Answer: suffering and death from lack of food, shelter, and medical care are bad.

Question 646: Brandt views his rule-utilitarianism as a:
Answer: normative ethical thesis.

Question 647: According to Kant, the basis of morality is the concept of:
Answer: freedom.

Question 648: According to Bentham, the principle of utility is appropriately applied to:
Answer: both a and b.

Question 649: Butler argues that the belief that there is a conflict between public goods and private goods arises from our notions of:
Answer: property.

Question 650: Questions like “What is knowledge?” and “What is truth?” are mainstays in the branch of philosophy known as _____.
Answer: epistemology

Question 651: According to Hobbes, in the state of nature, notions of right and wrong or justice and injustice _____.
Answer: have no place

Question 652: Paley says that every indication of contrivance and design that exists in the watch exists in _____.
Answer: the works of nature

Question 653: Mesopotamia is located between which two rivers?
Answer: Tigris and Euphrates

Question 654: Which of the following signifies that a person was very young when they died?
Answer: the presence of deciduous dentition

Question 655: The village of Snaketown covers more than one square mile and had a well-developed irrigation network and evidence of a ceremonial ballgame. It was the largest village of which complex society?
Answer: Mississippian

Question 656: Since the late 1800s, tidal gauges indicate that mean global sea level has ________; there is consensus among scientists that sea level ______.
Answer: increased by about 20 centimeters (8 inches); will continue to rise.

Question 657: The idea that processes like weathering and erosion are responsible for the present condition of the earth is known as:
Answer: uniformitarianism.

Question 658: Which sites have provided evidence used in arguing against the hypothesis that social complexity always required the production of agricultural surpluses?
Answer: Gobekli Tepe and Poverty Point

Question 659: Identify the correct sequence of mean cranial capacities for premodern Homo sapiens, Neandertals, and modern Homo sapiens.
Answer: 1261cc, 1480cc, 1450cc

Question 660: Genetic evidence from the oldest known human skeletons in the New World dating from no more than __________ years ago indicate close connections between _________.
Answer: 13,000; the skeletal remains of the first Americans, Native Americans, and the ancient and modern inhabitants of Siberia.

Question 661: Under a divorce settlement, Joan transferred her 50% ownership of their personal residence to Jim. The joint basis of the residence was $200,000. At the time of the transfer, the property's fair market value was $300,000. What was Joan's recognized gain and Jim's basis for the residence?
Recognized gain; Basis
Answer: $0; $200,000

Question 662: Which of the following fraudulent activities most likely could be perpetrated due to the lack of effective internal controls in the revenue cycle?
Answer: Authorization of credit memos by personnel who receive cash may permit the misappropriation of cash.

Question 663: Which of the following procedures would a CPA most likely include in planning a financial statement audit?
Answer: Determine the extent of involvement of the client's internal auditors.

Question 664: Aln Co. incurred the following expenses during the current period: Routine on-going efforts to improve an existing product $50000 Trouble-shooting in connection with breakdowns during commercial production $75000 Routine testing of products during commercial production for quality-control purposes $100000 What is the total amount of research and development expense incurred by Aln during the current period?
Answer: $0

Question 665: True Co. did not record an accrual for a probable loss from a lawsuit in its financial statements. Which of the following explanations for True's not accruing the probable loss is in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles?
Answer: No reasonable estimate of the loss can be made.

Question 666: The cost of debt most frequently is measured as
Answer: Actual interest rate minus tax savings.

Question 667: An overfunded single-employer defined benefit postretirement plan should be recognized in a classified statement of financial position as a
Answer: Noncurrent asset.

Question 668: Decker an individual owns 100% of Acre an S corporation. At the beginning of the year Decker‚Äôs basis in Acre was $25000. Acre had ordinary income during the year in the amount of $10000 and a long-term capital loss in the amount of $4000. Decker has no other capital gains or losses during the year. What amount of the long-term capital loss may Decker deduct this year?
Answer: $3,000

Question 669: Late one evening while the homeowners were away on vacation, Bob entered their home through a broken basement window. Bob knew that the homeowners were collectors of antique weapons. After ransacking the house, he found the prize collection of guns. Bob wrapped the guns in two of the expensive rugs in the home and hurriedly left the house. Upon returning from their vacation, the homeowners notified the police of the theft. During the investigation, a detective received a tip that the guns could be found in an old abandoned warehouse on the riverfront. When the police entered the warehouse, they found Sam with the guns. Upon questioning, Sam told the police that he had planned to dispose of the guns through a fence. With the homeowners' consent, the police authorized Sam to deliver the guns to the fence and sell them. As soon as the fence paid Sam and took possession of the guns, the police arrested both Sam and the fence. With which of the following crimes should Sam be convicted?
Answer: Possession of stolen property.

Question 670: Seven years ago, a man conveyed vacant land by warranty deed to a woman, a bona fide purchaser for value. The woman did not record the warranty deed and did not enter into possession of the land. Five years ago, the man conveyed the same land to a neighbor, also a bona fide purchaser for value, by a quitclaim deed. The neighbor immediately recorded the quitclaim deed and went into possession of the land. Two years ago, the neighbor conveyed the land to a friend, who had notice of the prior conveyance from friend, who had notice of the prior conveyance from the man to the woman. The friend never recorded the deed but went into immediate possession of the land. The jurisdiction has a notice recording statute and a grantor-grantee index system. If the woman sues to eject the friend, will the woman be likely to succeed? 
Answer: No, because the neighbor's title was superior to the woman's title.

Question 671: An owner of a pharmaceutical company manufactures aspirin tablets that it sells in interstate commerce. A woman purchased a bottle of the owner's aspirin from a drugstore. Shortly after taking two of the aspirin tablets, the woman became extremely ill and began having convulsions. She was rushed to the hospital, where it was determined that the aspirin tablets contained strychnine, a poisonous chemical. The owner of the pharmaceutical company is subsequently charged with violating a federal statute that makes it a misdemeanor to transport impure drugs in interstate commerce. The owner should be found
Answer: guilty, only if he had the authority and responsibility for packaging the aspirin tablets. 

Question 672: Gary Gamer purchased a computer from Electronic Warehouse Inc. Which of the below facts would be most favorable to Gary if he sought to rescind the purchase?
Answer: Gary paid for the computer and was given a box that when he unpacked it at home contained a printer unit made by the same manufacturer.

Question 673: While driving her company vehicle near a pedestrian mall, a woman came upon the scene of a three-car accident. She was so busy gawking at the damaged vehicles that she failed to see one of the victims lying on the road in front of her car. She hit and ran over the victim, who survived and sued the woman's company. The victim offers the testimony of a witness to the incident. Referring to the woman, the witness stated, "The driver of that car ran over the victim as he was lying on the ground awaiting an ambulance, and said  It is all my fault, I should have been paying more attention to my driving. " Assume for this question that the woman is available to testify. The trial judge should rule that the testimony is
Answer: admissible as an admission.

Question 674: A developer acquired a large parcel that he intended to convert into a residential subdivision. The developer met with the man who owned the adjoining property and informed him of the proposed development plans. During their discussion, the man expressed concern about the increased traffic and noise from the subdivision. Thus, the parties orally agreed that the developer would contract with someone to erect a brick wall between their respective properties, and that the man would reimburse the developer for half the expenses the developer incurred in having the wall erected. Thereafter, the developer hired a mason to erect the wall for $10,000. The developer explained to the mason that the wall was being built between his property and the man's. He further advised the mason that although he (the developer) would be paying the mason the $10,000, the man had agreed to reimburse the developer for half the price. The mason built the wall as agreed. However, the developer refused to pay the mason anything, and the mason, in turn, did not sue the developer for the agreed price. The mason has now brought an action against the man to recover $5,000. Which of the following is the man's best defense?
Answer: The mason is not an intended beneficiary of the agreement between the developer and the man.

Question 675: A defendant was arrested and indicted separately for the crimes of robbery, rape, and felony murder with the underlying felony being the rape. With respect to double jeopardy, which of the following statements is most accurate?
Answer: The defendant may be tried for the two separate offenses of robbery and felony murder and may be convicted of both, with the robbery sentence running consecutively with concurrent sentences for the felony murder and rape. 

Question 676: On September 1, a buyer contracted to buy 1000 widgets from a seller at $10 per widget, delivery to take place on or before September 15. On September 5, the buyer discovered that another widget seller was selling widgets for $8 per widget. The buyer then sent the following letter to the seller:"Please cancel our order for 1000 widgets. Your price is too high. We have found another supplier at a cheaper price. "On receipt of this letter, the seller would be legally justified in pursuing which of the following courses?
Answer: Selling the widgets to another buyer by means of either a public or private sale.

Question 677: A 70-year-old woman comes to the office for an annual health maintenance examination. She describes a 1-year history of slowly progressive fatigue, diffuse muscle aches, and generalized pain. Medical history is significant for osteoporosis diagnosed 5 years ago. Medications include alendronate and calcium supplementation. Vital signs are normal. Physical examination is unremarkable for her age, with no point tenderness on palpation. Results of complete blood count, serum electrolyte and thyroid-stimulating hormone concentrations, liver function tests, and erythrocyte sedimentation rate are all within the reference ranges. Screening mammography and colonoscopy done 1 year ago disclosed no abnormalities. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in evaluation?
Answer: Serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D assay

Question 678: A 19-year-old woman noticed a mass in her left breast 2 weeks ago while doing monthly breast self-examination. Her mother died of metastatic breast cancer at the age of 40 years. Examination shows large dense breasts; a 2-cm, firm, mobile mass is palpated in the upper outer quadrant of the left breast. There are no changes in the skin or nipple, and there is no palpable axillary adenopathy. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?
Answer: Fibroadenoma

Question 679: A grossly obese 65-year-old male presents to the office with tingling and painful itching in the anterolateral region of the thigh. The patient loses weight, and the symptoms disappear. This paresthesia is most consistent with compression of the
Answer: lateral femoral cutaneous nerve

Question 680: A 63-year-old man is brought to the emergency department because of a 4-day history of increasingly severe left leg pain and swelling of his left calf. He also has a 1-month history of increasingly severe upper midthoracic back pain. During this time, he has had a 9-kg (20-lb) weight loss despite no change in appetite. He has no history of major medical illness. His only medication is ibuprofen. He is 180 cm (5 ft 11 in) tall and weighs 82 kg (180 lb); BMI is 25 kg/m2 . His vital signs are within normal limits. On examination, lower extremity pulses are palpable bilaterally. The remainder of the physical examination shows no abnormalities. An x-ray of the thoracic spine shows no abnormalities. A CT scan of the abdomen shows a 3-cm mass in the body of the pancreas; there are liver metastases and encasement of the superior mesenteric artery. Ultrasonography of the left lower extremity shows a femoropopliteal venous clot. Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient’s symptoms?
Answer: Hypercoagulability from advanced malignancy

Question 681: A 4-year-old boy with cystic fibrosis is brought to the emergency department 20 minutes after being found unconscious in his yard by his parents. He had been playing outside all afternoon; the outside temperature was 95°F. He had been feeling well lately with no recent acute exacerbations of cystic fibrosis. On arrival, he responds to pain but speech is incoherent. His temperature is 41.2°C (106.2°F), pulse is 148/min, respirations are 36/min and shallow, and blood pressure is 88/46 mm Hg. His skin is hot and dry. The lungs are clear to auscultation. Muscle tone is poor; deep tendon reflexes are diminished throughout. Neurologic examination shows no focal abnormalities. Which of the following is the most likely underlying mechanism for these findings?
Answer: Impaired sweat gland function with reduced ability to regulate heat loss

Question 682: A 52-year-old woman begins pharmacotherapy after being diagnosed with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Four weeks later, her hepatic glucose output is decreased, and target tissue glucose uptake and utilization are increased. Which of the following drugs was most likely prescribed for this patient?
Answer: Metformin

Question 683: A 64-year-old male presents to the emergency room with a bloody nose that has been dripping out his nares for the past 2 hours. He denies any trauma, recent upper respiratory illness, or history of prior bloody nose. Past medical history is unremarkable, and he takes no medications. He has a blood pressure of 180/90 mmHg. Examination of the nasal passages reveals that the site of the bleeding is on the septal mucosa of the right naris. The most likely site of origin of this patient's epistaxis is
Answer: Kiesselbach plexus

Question 684: A 31-year-old woman comes to the office for initial prenatal care. She is 12 weeks pregnant by date of her last menstrual period. This is her fourth pregnancy; she has three healthy children. Her last pregnancy resulted in cesarean delivery because of fetal distress during labor. Her history includes heavy use of alcohol and cigarettes, and multiple sexual partners. In addition to routine prenatal laboratory work-up, the patient consents to an HIV antibody test, which is later reported as positive. At a follow-up visit this patient should be counseled regarding which of the following?
Answer: Breast-feeding will increase the risk for transmitting HIV to the infant

Question 685: According to classical test theory, the variance of the obtained rest scores is equal to the
Answer: sum of the true score variance and the error variance

Question 686: Dr. La-Keysha Leonard, a licensed psychologist, has been seeing a prison inmate in group therapy for several months and is asked by the parole board to evaluate the inmate to assist with their decision regarding his parole. As an ethical psychologist, Dr. Leonard should:
Answer: refuse to evaluate the inmate for the purpose of parole.

Question 687: Which of the following best describes ethical guidelines for the use of deception in research?
Answer: Deception is prohibited whenever it involves deceiving potential participants about aspects of the study that would affect their willingness to participate.

Question 688: The primary impact of the Hawthorne experiments in the Western Electric Company was in showing the effect on work performance of
Answer: differing pay scales for differing levels of effort

Question 689: Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs), tricyclics, norepinephrine–dopamine reuptake inhibitors (NDRIs), and serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) all describe ___________.
Answer: Antidepressants

Question 690: Prochaska and DiClemente’s (1992) transtheoretical model is based on the assumption that an intervention is most effective when:
Answer: it matches the client’s stage of change.

Question 691: Dr. Pavel Petrovich, a licensed psychologist, has been seeing a client in therapy for over fourteen months with no apparent change in the client's symptoms. Dr. Petrovich should:
Answer: raise for discussion the possibility of termination and referral to another therapist.

Question 692: The first stage in Cross’s (1991) Black Racial Identity Development Model is:
Answer: pre-encounter.

Question 693: Which statement is NOT true of a crisis management team?
Answer: A lawyer should be included in the team.

Question 694: Which term describes stakeholders who are unaware of their connection to an organization with respect to a particular issue?
Answer: Latent publics

Question 695: The challenge for Montpellier Marketing Communications in their work for the Cheltenham Festival was what?
Answer: To improve the perception of the festival for retailers.

Question 696: Which definition best describes media convergence?
Answer: Information being delivered in different formats via various digital channels.

Question 697: Where was the first British newspaper printed?
Answer: Oxford

Question 698: To celebrate its 100th anniversary, your company wants to publish a coffee-table book of photos depicting the company's history. You dig through the files and old annual reports and find many photos, some of which have never been published. Some of the unpublished photos are dated and stamped on the back with the name of a photography studio that has been out of business for 20 years. When you consult with your publisher about the most effective way to reproduce these particular prints, the publisher says they cannot reprint them without the original photographer's permission. You are unable to find the original contract between the company and the photographer. Can you reprint the photos without the original photographer's permission?
Answer: No, the photographer or heirs own the copyright and must grant permission to reproduce the unpublished photographs.

Question 699: You work for a utility company that is building a biomass plant in the community. Your employer asks you to give a series of community talks about the plant and future operations. You visit the plant several hours before you are due to give a speech that has been prepared by your immediate supervisor. During the tour of the plant, you discover several claims in the speech are not true.  What do you do?
Answer: Address the inaccuracies with your supervisor immediately and make the necessary corrections before giving the speech. 

Question 700: ________ are strategies associated with developing positive relationships between an organization and its public.
Answer: Community relations

Question 701: Which of these statements best defines social constructivism?
Answer: Social constructivism argues that security can be constructed, and that the human world is not given or natural but instead is a product of human actors.

Question 702: Which of the following statements best describes the wider security impacts of disease in terms of achieving security?
Answer: Disease within a population threatens security both directly and indirectly, as it affects the health of the individual as well as the ability of that individual to perform vital roles within the wider society.

Question 703: What, according to Classical economic theory, was the purpose of Mercantilism in the 18th century?
Answer: Mercantilism was a means by which to strengthen the sovereign state, and inherently linked to international conflict.

Question 704: How significant are dealings in illicit arms as part of the global defence trade?
Answer: Although the bulk of defence trade is legal, we know that a certain amount is illicit and involves transfers on the black and grey markets.

Question 705: Which of the following does not characterize the epistemology of traditional security studies?
Answer: Traditional security studies adopt a positivist approach, based in scientific objectivism that pursues the definition of specific 'truths' that can be empirically tested and validated.

Question 706: In what ways has the global energy environment affected the security of oil producing states?
Answer: In their attempts to secure the continuation of energy supplies, industrialised states provide military aid to the regimes of oil-rich states, having a vested interest in securing these regimes and thus protecting the status quo, often to the detriment of human security.

Question 707: Which of the following describes the basis of the case in support of humanitarian intervention?
Answer: Associated with liberalism and cosmopolitanism, the foundational idea in support of humanitarian intervention is that external actors have a duty as well as a right to intervene to halt genocide and mass atrocities.

Question 708: As Cold War tensions declined, which three international issues emerged as new interested in the field of peace studies?
Answer: Global environmental issues and their potential to limit economic expansion; the economic dependence of newly independent post-colonial states; and the Vietnam war.

Question 709: Scientific management involved:
Answer: all of the above

Question 710: It is difficult to ascertain the true extent of domestic violence because:
Answer: there is a large 'dark figure' of unreported incidents

Question 711: Wirth (1938) said that social relationships in the urban way of life were 'segmental' because:
Answer: people knew each other only through specific, situational roles, and not as whole, rounded individuals

Question 712: Society cannot be studied in the same way as the natural world because:
Answer: human behaviour is meaningful, and varies between individuals and cultures

Question 713: Foucault's term 'biopolitics' refers to:
Answer: forms of knowledge such as demographic statistics, which allow us to map and measure populations

Question 714: In Esping-Andersen's (1990) outline of three types of state welfare, the social democratic model involved:
Answer: universalistic benefits and public sector employment

Question 715: In Parsons' view, the function of the sick role was to:
Answer: provide normative expectations to minimise the disruptive effects of illness on social life

Question 716: Which of the following statements most closely corresponds with differential association theory?
Answer: If all of your friends jumped off a bridge, I suppose you would too.

Question 717: What policies did Alexander Hamilton pursue to build the American economy?
Answer: Tariffs to protect American manufacturing, establishment of a national bank, and the repayment of all debts.

Question 718: What fact impinged upon America's 'neutral' stance towards the belligerent in World War I between 1915 and 1917?
Answer: US banks funded the allies much more than Germany and Austria-Hungary

Question 719: Who were the original five permanent members on the UN Security Council?
Answer: United States, Soviet Union, France, Great Britain, and Republic of China

Question 720: According to Realists, what accounts for the onset of the Cold War?
Answer: Both b and c

Question 721: What is soft power?
Answer: Ways in which the values and culture of a country provide it with influence in the international system

Question 722: What is the core reason why the US is viewed as exceptional?
Answer: Because of its intensely liberal character, which is rooted in a sense of its special mission

Question 723: What is meant by a grand strategy of 'primacy'?
Answer: Striving for American dominance in the international system

Question 724: Who is considered the “father” of containment?
Answer: George Kennan

Question 725: What is essential for diagnosis of arenavirus infection?
Answer: RT PCR kit

Question 726: At a specific hospital, patients diagnosed with pancreatic carcinoma are asked about their current smoking status. At the same hospital, patients without pancreatic carcinoma are also asked about their current smoking status. The following table is constructed.  Smokers Non-smokers Total  Pancreatic Cancer 50 40 90  No Pancreatic Cancer 60 80 140  Total 110 120 230  What is the odds ratio that a patient diagnosed with pancreatic cancer is a current smoker compared to a patient without pancreatic cancer?
Answer: (50/90)/(60/140)

Question 727: Cytotoxic T cells can be activated via which of the following?
Answer: By identifying virus peptides presented by MHC-I

Question 728: Genetically the flaviviruses are positive stranded and have which of the following properties?
Answer: ssRNA viruses with capped and polyadenylated RNA

Question 729: What is the morphology of the herpes virion?
Answer: Compact icosahedron structure

Question 730: In MSM, early syphilis was found to be associated with:
Answer: All of the above

Question 731: An observational study in diabetics assesses the role of an increased plasma fibrinogen level on the risk of cardiac events. 130 diabetic patients are followed for 5 years to assess the development of acute coronary syndrome. In the group of 60 patients with a normal baseline plasma fibrinogen level, 20 develop acute coronary syndrome and 40 do not. In the group of 70 patients with a high baseline plasma fibrinogen level, 40 develop acute coronary syndrome and 30 do not. Which of the following is the best estimate of relative risk in patients with a high baseline plasma fibrinogen level compared to patients with a normal baseline plasma fibrinogen level?
Answer: (40*70)/(20*60)

Question 732: What is virus attenuation in practical terms for successful vaccine discovery?
Answer: Direct random mutagenesis to create a less virulent mutant

Question 733: Which of the following is NOT a category of Shari'ah law?
Answer: Criminal

Question 734:  Yamago Soko created the "way of the warrior," known as which of the following?
Answer: Bushido

Question 735: Which of the following was part of the role of a deaconess?
Answer: All of the above

Question 736:  What is the Hebrew word is used to refer to the Nazi's catastrophic program of genocide?
Answer: Shoah

Question 737:  Which modern cult believed that Japanese society needed to be cleansed through an apocalypse?
Answer: Aum Shinrikyo

Question 738: Which movement rejected Confucianism and Buddhism in favor of "true" Japanese spiritual traditions?
Answer: Kokugaku

Question 739:  What does Ghandi's title "Mahatma" mean?
Answer: "Great soul"

Question 740:  What is the Decalogue?
Answer: The Ten Commandments

