1. Arthropods possess an open circulatory system with a dorsal heart.
2. Assuming the population is in Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium, the expected proportion of individuals who carry the b allele but are not expected to develop cancer caused by it is 38 out of 400.
3. The presence of homologous structures like the humerus in the front limb of a human and a bird indicates that humans and birds belong to a clade.
4. According to the pressure-flow model, photosynthate movement from source to sink is driven by a water-pressure potential gradient.
5. Centromeres contain DNA sequences required for the segregation of chromosomes in mitosis and meiosis.
6. The statement that the atomic radii of the lanthanide elements increase across the period from La to Lu is not true.
7. A 0.217 g sample of HgO reacts with excess iodide ions, and titration of the resulting solution requires 20 mL of 0.10 M HCl to reach the equivalence point.
8. The number of lines in the EPR spectrum of a solution of 13C-labelled methyl radical (13CH3•) is predicted to be 4.
9. In the reaction provided, Cl−(aq) behaves as a reducing agent.
10. The hydrides of group-14 elements are ordered in terms of thermal stability from lowest to highest as follows: PbH4 < SnH4 < GeH4 < SiH4 < CH4.
11. The embryological origin of the hyoid bone is the second and third pharyngeal arches.
12. None of the branches of the trigeminal nerve contain somatic motor processes.
13. The pleura extend into the neck.
14. In Angle's Class II Div 2 occlusion, there is excess overjet of the upper lateral incisors.
15. The cranial cavity contains the pituitary gland.
16. When a 6-sided die is rolled 15 times using Add-1 Smoothing, the probability of side 3 coming up is 1 out of 7.
17. Random crop and horizontal flip are common image data augmentations for natural images.
18. Submissions claiming that the method achieves a test error lower than all previous methods should be considered for acceptance if the regularization parameter λ is chosen so as to minimize cross-validation error.
19. To achieve an 0/1 loss estimate that is less than 1 percent of the true 0/1 loss with a probability of 95%, according to Hoeffding's inequality, the IID test set must have more than 1000 examples.
20. Having a real-valued input attribute during decision-tree learning with a multiway split for each distinct value often results in a decision tree that performs well on the training set but poorly on a test set.
21. It would be the same to accelerate a truck on Mars as it is on Earth, assuming there is no friction.
22. Most short-period comets come from the Kuiper belt, and this is known because short period comets tend to be in the plane of the solar system just like the Kuiper belt.
23. A telescope with an aperture of 50 cm gathers 10,000 times more light than the pupil of an eye with a diameter of 5 mm.
24. A planet did not form where the asteroid belt is located because resonance with Jupiter prevented material from collecting together.
25. Mars is red because its surface is covered with heavily oxidized ("rusted") minerals.
26. As of 2019, it is true that people tend to be optimistic about their own future but pessimistic about the future of their nation or the world.
27. As of 2019, about 46% of Americans agree that the state is run for the benefit of all the people.
28. As of 2015, since 1990, forests have increased in Europe and decreased in Africa and the Americas.
29. As of 2019, about 38% of Russians say it is very important to have free media in the country without government/state censorship.
30. As of 2017, 80% of the world’s 1-year-old children have been vaccinated against some disease.
31. Psychological egoism is a claim about human nature and the ways people are capable of behaving.
32. According to Moore's "ideal utilitarianism," the right action is the one that brings about the greatest amount of good.
33. According to d'Holbach, people always act according to necessary natural laws.
34. Before Tolstoy's Christian conversion, his perspective on the meaning of life was pessimistic.
35. The study of reality in the broadest sense, an inquiry into the elemental nature of the universe and the things in it, is known as metaphysics.
36. Geodemographics is a natural outcome when combining demographic and geographic variables.
37. In an organization, the group of people tasked with buying decisions is referred to as the decision-making unit.
38. An assumption in Maslow's hierarchy of needs is that lower-level needs must be at least partially satisfied before higher needs can affect behavior.
39. The single group within society that is most vulnerable to reference group influence is children, who base most of their buying decisions on outside influences.
40. Although the content and quality can be as controlled as direct mail, response rates of door-to-door media are lower because of the lack of a personal address mechanism.
41. The sign of the covenant for Jewish males is circumcision.
42. The Second Gem in Buddhism is the Dharma.
43. The "Mandate of Heaven" was developed to legitimize the new rulers during the Zhou dynasty.
44. The Meiji government in Japan promoted a kind of national cult based on the emperor and his associations with kami.
45. The Upanishads can be characterized as philosophical texts.
46. The post-war welfare state of 1948 did not aim to provide a minimum wage.
47. Berger (1963) describes a puppet theatre as a metaphor for social reality.
48. The shift from 'civil religion' to 'common religion' signifies that despite the weakening of traditional authority, our everyday lives and 'common sense' remain shaped by religious beliefs and values.
49. The term 'hegemony' refers to a dominant ideology that legitimates economic, political, and cultural power.
50. An issue not associated with official statistics on strike action is that most strikes go unnoticed by employers and the mass media.
