1. The cyclic subgroup of Z_24 generated by 18 has an order of 4.
2. The order of the factor group Z_6/<3> is 3.
3. A permutation that is a product of m even permutations and n odd permutations is an even permutation if and only if n is even is true. Every group is isomorphic to a group of permutations is true.
4. The order of the factor group (Z_4 x Z_12)/(<2> x <2>) is 4.
5. The maximum possible order for some element of Z_4 x Z_6 is 12.
6. The symmetric group S_3 is not cyclic, but every group is isomorphic to some group of permutations, which is true.
7. If a and b are elements of finite order in an Abelian group, then |ab| being the lcm (|a|,|b|) is false. If g is a group element and g^n = e, then |g| being equal to n is also false.
8. If f is a homomorphism from G to K and H is normal in G, then f(H) being normal in K is false. If f is a homomorphism from G to a group and H is a finite subgroup of G, then |f(H)| divides |H| is true.
9. The maximum possible order for an element of S_n for n = 7 is 12.
10. Every integral domain having a field of quotients is true. A polynomial of degree n over a ring having at most n zeros counting multiplicity is false.
11. If a group has an element of order 10, then the number of elements of order 10 being divisible by 4 is false. If m and n are positive integers and phi is the Euler phi function, then phi(mn) = phi(m)phi(n) is false.
12. The term that describes the body's ability to maintain its normal state is homeostasis.
13. The structures that travel through the substance of the parotid gland are the maxillary artery and retromandibular vein.
14. A medical practitioner placing a stethoscope over the patient's seventh right intercostal space in the mid-axillary line would have the stethoscope overlying the lower lobe of the lung.
15. The maxillary sinus is innervated by branches of the maxillary division of the trigeminal nerve.
16. The flexible connective tissue that is attached to bones at the joints is cartilage.
17. Tonsillar tissue is commonly found between the palatoglossal and palatopharyngeal folds.
18. The best place to listen to the general heart sound with a stethoscope is the fifth left intercostal space in the midclavicular line.
19. Emissary veins connect the intracranial venous sinuses to all of the above areas.
20. Smooth muscle cells contain actin and myosin arranged irregularly.
21. The hypothalamus controls body temperature, sleep, and appetite.
22. The dilation of the pupil of the eye is brought about by activation of sympathetic nerves.
23. The trachea lies superficial to the esophagus.
24. Pharyngeal mucosa is innervated by the glossopharyngeal nerves because it develops from the third pharyngeal arch.
25. A patient is most likely to experience pain due to infection of the ethmoidal air cells sinus between the eyes.
26. If you cool a blackbody to half its original temperature, the power emitted becomes 1/16 times as high, and the peak emission wavelength becomes 2 times longer.
27. The minimization of gravitational potential energy drives differentiation.
28. The lunar maria formed due to large impacts that fractured the Moon's lithosphere allowing lava to fill the impact basins.
29. Venus does not have seasons like Mars and Earth because its rotation axis is nearly perpendicular to the plane of the Solar System.
30. The mass of Saturn's rings is 2x10^19 kg, and the ratio of this mass to that of a 200 km diameter spherical moon made entirely of water-ice (density ~ 1 g/cm3) is 5:1.
31. Volcanic Heating cannot explain Mercury's lack of a permanent atmosphere.
32. A formation theory of our solar system does not need to explain the presence of life on Earth.
33. The current dangers faced by each Mars Exploration Rover are that Opportunity may not be able to move its arm again, and Spirit may not get enough solar power during the winter months immediately ahead.
34. The reason that small planets tend to lose interior heat faster than larger planets is essentially the same as the reason that a large baked potato takes longer to cool than a small baked potato.
35. If the Moon is setting at noon, the phase of the Moon must be the third quarter.
36. In astronomy, the concept of black bodies is very important to better calculate the radiation of stars. A black body is defined as an idealized physical object that absorbs all electromagnetic radiation.
37. The Coriolis effect is observed on planets because they are rotating and spherical, so different latitudes rotate at different speeds (meters/second).
38. The best estimate for the orbital speed of the International Space Station (ISS) circling the Earth approximately 410 km above the ground is 28000 km/h.
39. The least likely cause of death is being hit by a small meteorite.
40. Detailed maps of surface features on Venus have been constructed by using radar from spacecraft that were sent to orbit Venus.
41. Disqualification of directors may result from breaches under the Companies Act 2006 and Insolvency Act 1986.
42. In a global context, many companies have significant political power due to their ability to threaten governments with relocation to other territories in the face of undesirable regulation, as described by Beck (1998) as 'corporate power of transnational withdrawal.'
43. The ethics of duty is a principle-based ethical theory attributed to Emmanuel Kant.
44. While businesses traditionally engaged in civil society through philanthropy, recently more business-CSO collaboration have emerged to tackle social and environmental problems. Likewise, CSOs' strategies have evolved with an increasing number setting up social enterprises, which are more commercially oriented than traditional charity models.
45. The relationship between shareholders and the company, or the agency relation, describes shareholders as principals and managers of the company as agents.
46. Executive directors are responsible for running the firm.
47. Subjection to emotional exploitation.
48. The recent global sustainability agenda has been dominated by the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals.
49. The OECD argues that corporate governance problems arise because ownership and control are separated.
50. CSR stands for Corporate Social Responsibility.
51. Resource intensity, culture clash, and accountability are all factors which can impinge upon stakeholder communication and collaboration.
52. Type I muscle fibers are characterized as red, oxidative, and slow contracting.
53. Mr. Wood has just returned from surgery with severe internal bleeding; you would not expect to find bradycardia upon undertaking post-operative observations.
54. Cushing's response is characterized by high blood pressure and bradycardia.
55. There are six 'true' movements available at the hip.
56. For patients with asthma, a peak flow reading should be taken twice a day.
57. It is incorrect that dentures should be stored dry.
58. You might choose to use a silicone catheter because the patient is allergic to latex.
59. The recommended dose of creatine to load the muscles of a 70 kg man within one week is 20 g/day.
60. The coding sequences of genes are called exons.
61. During a rectal examination, the cervix can sometimes be felt anteriorly in the female.
62. Using a large volume spacer will improve the deposition of medication by 40-60%.
63. It is not a use for intravenous infusions to orally hydrate a patient.
64. During exercise, adrenaline secretion from the adrenal glands is stimulated by increased sympathetic nerve activity.
65. If confusion follows a blackout, it is strongly suggestive of a fit.
66. The pain of oesophagitis is usually retrosternal in site.
67. The most direct cause of polyteny in somatic cells of certain organisms is chromosome replication without cell division.
68. All of the following statements about muscle contraction are true except that calcium-tropomyosin binding precedes actin-myosin binding.
69. Short-term changes in plant growth rate mediated by the plant hormone auxin are hypothesized to result from increased extensibility of the walls of affected cells.
70. RNA is thought to have played an important role in the evolution of life because it can self-replicate via a complementary chain and can catalyze some cellular functions.
71. An organism with a lobed thallus, rhizoids, and gemmae is a liverwort.
72. One hypothesis posed by evolutionary biologists to account for an organism's altruistic behavior in social groups is that of kin selection, suggesting that the risk incurred by a bird that sounds an alarm call due to a nearby predator may be offset by the fact that the alarm call will benefit those members with whom the bird shares a percentage of its genes.
73. A plant that possesses swimming sperm, xylem with tracheids, independent gametophyte and sporophyte phases, and no seeds is probably most closely related to ferns.
74. It is not a characteristic of an oligotrophic lake to have shallow water.
75. Evidence that sea urchins are more closely related to frogs than they are to snails is that echinoderms and chordates share the embryological feature where the pore that forms the mouth develops after the pore that forms the anus.
76. It is not correct to state that elastin is a globular protein found in connective tissue.
77. In cloning experiments on the frog Xenopus laevis, nuclei were removed from intestinal cells of tadpoles and transplanted into zygotes whose nuclei had been removed. A small percent of these zygotes developed into normal frogs, suggesting that the genomes of all somatic cells are equivalent.
78. The set of reactions that occurs in the stroma of the chloroplast in plant cells is the Calvin cycle.
79. Visual evidence of genetic recombination during meiosis is provided by chiasmata.
80. The first event during the separation of the elements of Pangaea through continental drift was the formation of Gondwana and Laurasia.
81. A trait that prokaryotes and eukaryotes have in common is that replication is bidirectional.
82. At standard temperature and pressure, Br2 is a red-brown volatile liquid.
83. The 13C spectrum of hexane has lines with three distinct chemical shifts.
84. The Rydberg equation accurately predicts the UV-visible emission spectrum of the hydrogen atom, but it cannot be used to predict the UV-visible emission for the hydride ion, H−.
85. Reduction of D-xylose with NaBH4 yields a product that is a meso compound.
86. The polarization of a proton in a magnetic field of 335 mT and 10.5 T at 298 K is 4.126 x 10^-3 at 0.335 T; 2.142 x 10^-6 at 10.5 T.
87. The anhydride of Ba(OH)2 is BaO.
88. A 1 M solution of TEMPO in chloroform at room temperature shows a broader EPR spectrum than that of a 1 mM solution because in the more concentrated solution, the lines are broadened due to the exchange interaction between the TEMPO molecules.
89. A set of hybrid sp^3 orbitals for a carbon atom does not hold true that each hybrid orbital may hold four electrons.
90. Sometimes the object module produced by a compiler includes information mapping all source program names to their addresses for use as input to a debugging aid.
91. If the sequence of perfect squares 1,4,9, ..., i^2, ... is hashed into an open hash table with four buckets using the hash function h(x) = x mod 4, then, as the total number of entries in the table grows, two of the buckets will each get approximately half the entries, and the other two will remain empty.
92. Of the following page-replacement policies, the one guaranteed to incur the minimum number of page faults is to replace the page whose next reference will be the longest time in the future.
93. Let f(X) = if x = 1 then 0 else [x * f(x - 1) + x**2]. The value of f(4) is 100.
94. Church's thesis equates the concept of "computable function" with those functions computable by, for example, Turing machines, and it can never be proven.
95. It is false that reference counting is well suited for reclaiming cyclic structures in memory reclamation based on reference counting.
96. If it takes 1 second to factor a general 100 x 100 matrix using Gaussian elimination, then the best estimate of the number of seconds it will take to factor a 500 x 500 matrix based on the relative dimensions is 125.
97. The main difference between a network operating system and a distributed operating system is that a distributed operating system hides the existence of many machines from the user, but a network operating system makes the existence of many machines visible.
98. If L is a language accepted by some automaton M, then it is true that if M is a nondeterministic finite automaton, then L is accepted by some deterministic finite automaton. If M is a deterministic pushdown automaton, then L is accepted by some nondeterministic pushdown automaton. If M is a nondeterministic pushdown automaton, then L is accepted by some deterministic Turing machine.
99. For a set of n distinct integers, the data structures in which the number of steps needed to find and remove the 7th largest element is O(log n) in the worst case are an array of length n sorted in increasing order and a balanced binary search tree.
100. The evaluation strategies that must be defined in order to execute a logic program on a sequential machine are the evaluation order of rules, evaluation order of clauses, and evaluation order of arguments in each clause.
101. If a polynomial f(x) over the real numbers has the complex numbers 2 + i and 1 - i as roots, then f(x) could be x^4 - 6x^3 + 15x^2 - 18x + 10.
102. The volume of the solid in xyz-space bounded by the surfaces y = x^2, y = 2 - x^2, z = 0, and z = y + 3 is 32/3.
103. If C is false in the scenario where C is true if exactly one of A and B is true, then it must be true that if A is false, then B is false.
104. In a survey of 100 undergraduate math majors at a certain college, the following information is obtained about the courses they are taking during the Spring semester:
	41 are enrolled in real analysis,
	44 are enrolled in differential equations, 48 are enrolled in linear algebra,
	11 are enrolled in both real analysis and linear algebra,
	14 are enrolled in both real analysis and differential equations,
	19 are enrolled in both differential equations and linear algebra, and 10 are not enrolled in any of these three courses.
	From the data above we can conclude that only 1 student is enrolled in all those of these courses.
105. The probability that 0 will not be chosen when k digits are to be chosen at random from {0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9} with repetitions allowed is (9/10)^k.
106. In the complex z-plane, the set of points satisfying the equation z^2 = |z|^2 forms a line.
107. If the function g ∘ f : S -> U is one-to-one, then f must be one-to-one.
108. The probability that a six comes up on 70 or more of the 360 die tosses is between 0.02 and 0.16.
109. The value of b that makes the line y = 10x tangent to the curve y = e^(bx) at some point in the xy-plane is 10/e.
110. If the finite group G contains a subgroup of order five but no element of G other than the identity is its own inverse, then the order of G could be 35.
111. If one arch of the curve y = sin x is revolved around the x-axis, the volume of the generated solid is π^2 / 2.
112. Mercury forms a convex meniscus in the graduated cylinder and water forms a concave one because mercury has stronger cohesive than adhesive forces, whereas water has stronger adhesive than cohesive forces.
113. Human beings require many outside resources in order to survive. An individual will not survive without water, air, etc. Thankfully, the human brain is wired to seek out these resources when they are depleted before harm occurs to the individual. The downside of this, however, is that they can produce too much reward, and become a temptation. An example of temptation is a person desiring to lose weight makes a late night snack to quell a craving.
A desire becomes a temptation when a person desiring to lose weight makes a late-night snack to quell a craving.
114. All human somatic cells contain 46 chromosomes.
115. In all-out exercise such as sprinting, the first fiber types to fatigue are the Type IIX fibers.
116. Gene doping refers to the use of genetic manipulation techniques to enhance performance in sport.
117. Nietzsche’s Will to Truth is defined as an intrinsic desire to know the truth.
118. Muscle ATP and phosphocreatine content is not important for success in endurance events such as the marathon race.
119. During exercise, adrenaline secretion from the adrenal glands is stimulated by increased sympathetic nerve activity.
120. A young adult man begins seeing a therapist and tells the therapist that he has homosexual feelings, and that he self-identifies as gay. He is plagued by feelings of worthlessness and fears that he will be subject to what his religion terms “eternal damnation”. He feels alienated from his family and friends, as he knows of no other homosexuals in his peer group or family. In the course of working with the man, the therapist helps him see that his feelings are exceptionally common among people who have recently discovered their same-sex feelings, and encourages him to attend a support group for newly “out” gay men. The therapist’s approach is a demonstration of the "universalization" phenomena
121. Water will empty from a 1-meter tall jug sitting on a countertop 2 meters high at a speed of 4.47 m/s when it springs a leak at the bottom.
122. The two principal contractile proteins found in skeletal muscle are actin and myosin.
123. A psychology study run on a college campus was set up right outside of the gym on a weekday. Chocolate chip cookies were offered right outside the door, and then a sign was placed 15 feet further down the hall that asked people to avoid using the stairs, forcing them to go around in a longer hallway. There were no barriers to using the stairs other than the sign. The results returned, and it showed that individuals who took a sweet from the tray were twice as likely to use the longer hallway as individuals who refused. This is an example of the psychological concept of "Ego depletion".
124. In Cystic Fibrosis (CF) patients, the loss of trypsinogen would lead to the most extensive effects on nutrient absorption if isolated.
125. Prior to the restriction point (R), somatic eukaryotic cells in the human body have 46 chromosomes and 46 chromatids.
126. A person suffering from severe dehydration and starvation would not be expected to have elevated plasma concentrations of insulin.
127. Characteristic X rays, appearing as sharp lines on a continuous background, are produced when high-energy electrons bombard a metal target and electrons fill inner shell vacancies that are created in the metal atoms.
128. The uncertainty in the kinetic energy of a ball when the uncertainty in the measured speed is 10 percent is 20%.
129. The rest mass of a particle with total energy 5.0 GeV and momentum 4.9 GeV/c is approximately 1.0 GeV/c^2.
130. A grating spectrometer that can just barely resolve two wavelengths of 500 nm and 502 nm has a resolving power of 250.
131. Electromagnetic radiation emitted from a nucleus is most likely to be in the form of gamma rays.
132. For a thermodynamic process at constant volume, the increase in the internal energy of an ideal gas is equal to the heat added to the gas.
133. In the scenario where an ideal monatomic gas expands quasi-statically to twice its volume, if the process is isothermal, the work done by the gas is Wi, and if the process is adiabatic, the work done by the gas is Wa, it is true that 0<Wa <Wi.
134. The relative speed of the quasar 3C9, if the shift in the hydrogen lines in its spectrum is assumed to be entirely due to relative motion, is 0.8c.
135. In a Maxwell-Boltzmann description of an ideal gas of atoms in equilibrium at temperature T, it is true that the average velocity of the atoms is zero and the probability of finding an atom with zero kinetic energy is zero.
136. During a hurricane, the frequency with which the sound wave from a 1,200 Hz warning siren reaches a person 1 km away, with the wind blowing at 55 m/s in a direction from the siren toward the person, is 1,200 Hz.
137. Fermat’s principle of ray optics can be used to derive Snell’s law of refraction and the law of reflection.
138. Penetration testing involves whole-system testing for security flaws and bugs.
139. Suppose a user has an iPhone (running iOS) and downloads an app called Innocent from the Apple App Store and installs it. The user unlocks the phone and runs Innocent. Innocent exploits a bug in the iOS kernel which allows Innocent to redirect execution inside the kernel to code that Innocent controls. Now Innocent can execute any instructions it likes inside the iOS kernel. Innocent is not able to exploit any bugs in the phone’s secure enclave. Can Innocent read the user’s private information stored in the phone’s flash (e.g. Contacts and messages), or will the security measures described in the paper keep the data private? If Innocent is only able to see encrypted data, then the phone has successfully kept the data private. Circle the security features of the phone (if any) that will prevent Innocent from reading information from the flash on the phone.
140. Anti-virus scanners would not have found an exploitation of Heartbleed because they tend to look for viruses and other malicious code, but Heartbleed exploits steal secrets without injecting any code.
141. To build a collision with h(H, m) = E(m, H) in the context described, one can choose random (H,m,m’) and construct H’ as H’=D(m’, E(m,H)).
142. Authentication aims to determine who the user is.
143. Assume that a TLS connection has been established successfully between a client and a server. Establishing the session included checking the server certificate and executing a DiffieHelmann exchange, but the client did not provide a client certificate. Further, assume that the client and server are honest, that the client and server don’t leak their keys, and that the cryptography is good. In this context TLS protect against an attacker stealing the server’s private key and reading the plaintext of recorded past connections. On contrary it won't defend against an attacker breaking into a certificate authority and creating a fake certificate for the server.
144. A secure Pseudorandom Permutation (PRP) can be built from a secure Pseudorandom Generator (PRG) by plugging the GGM PRF into the Luby-Rackoff theorem.
145. A hash function guarantees the integrity of a message by ensuring that the message has not been changed.
146. Using U2F is a stronger second factor than sending an SMS code to a user’s smartphone, and an attacker that knows a user’s password cannot easily guess the U2F key to access the user’s account.
147. The openSSL implementation described in “Remote Timing Attacks are Practical” (by Brumley and Boneh) uses the following performance optimizations: Chinese Remainder (CR), Montgomery Representation (MR), Karatsuba Multiplication (KM), and Repeated squaring and Sliding windows (RS). The options CR, MR, KM, and RS would close the timing channel attack described in the .paper if you turned the listed optimizations off-
148. Wireless Traffic Sniffing is a process of wireless traffic analysis that may be helpful for forensic investigations or during troubleshooting any wireless issue.
149. A real image can be cast on a screen by a converging lens.
150. The normal force on a ball rolling down an inclined plane is always less than mg.
151. Gamma rays cannot be deflected by electrical or magnetic means.
152. Immediately after two separated charged particles are released from rest and both increase in speed, the particles therefore have either the same or opposite signs of charge.
153. A high-temperature source radiates relatively short wavelengths.
154. According to the correspondence principle, a new theory must agree with an old theory where they overlap.
155. A magnetic force can act on an electron even when it is neither moving nor experiencing a change in velocity.
156. The sound waves that most humans cannot hear are both ultrasonic and infrasonic waves.
157. A machine cannot multiply energy.
158. Atmospheric pressure is due to the weight of the atmosphere.
159. Einstein’s second postulate states that the speed of light is a constant in all frames of reference.
160. Planck’s constant can be found by dividing the energy of a photon by its frequency.
161. The "greenhouse gases" that contribute to global warming absorb more infrared radiation than visible radiation.
162. Standing waves are the result of interference patterns created by waves traveling in opposite directions.
163. Heat is simply another word for internal energy that flows from hot to cold.
164. If a test that the true value of the intercept coefficient is zero results in non-rejection, the appropriate conclusion is to retain the intercept.
165. It is false that if the Hausman test is not satisfied, the random effects model is more appropriate.
166. Observations available on the monthly bond prices of 100 companies for 5 years are classified as panel data.
167. An "ex ante" forecasting model is one which includes only previous values of variables on the right-hand side (RHS).
168. If a researcher uses daily data to examine a particular problem and creates a variable that assigns a numerical value of 1 to Monday observations, this type of number is termed nominal.
169. For the following MA(3) process: yt = μ + Εt + θ1Εt-1 + θ2Εt-2 + θ3Εt-3, where σt is a zero mean white noise process with variance σ2, the statements that the autocorrelation function will have a zero value at lag 5 and will have a value of one at lag 0 are true.
170. A leptokurtic distribution has fatter tails and is more peaked at the mean than a normal distribution with the same mean and variance.
171. Near multicollinearity occurs when two or more explanatory variables are highly correlated with one another.
172. Consider the following time series model applied to daily data: where rt are the returns, and D1, D2, D3 and D4 are dummy variables. D1 = 1 on Monday and zero otherwise; D2 = 1 on Tuesday and zero otherwise, ..., D4 = 1 on Thursday and zero otherwise. The interpretation of the parameter estimate for the intercept is the average return on Friday.
173. Concerning the class of ARIMA(p,d,q) models, it is true that an ARIMA(p,1,q) model estimated on a series of logs of prices is equivalent to an ARIMA(p,0,q) model estimated on a set of continuously compounded returns and that the estimation of ARIMA models is incompatible with the notion of cointegration.
174. If the residuals from a regression estimated using a small sample of data are not normally distributed, test statistics concerning the parameters will not follow their assumed distributions.
175. If a threshold autoregressive (TAR) model is termed a "SETAR," then the state-determining variable must be the variable being modeled.
176. If a 4 pole lap wound dc generator has 4 brushes and one of the brushes is damaged, the change in V, I and P ratings will be V, I/2, and P/2.
177. No load saturation characteristics are plotted between no load voltage and field current.
178. When checked with an ohm meter, an open resistor reads infinite.
179. INTR is not a vectored interrupt.
180. In AC circuits, the connection of measuring instruments can cause loading effect errors which may affect the magnitude, phase, and waveform of the quantity being measured.
181. If a circuit consists of two mass elements, two spring elements, and four friction elements, the order of the transfer function is 4.
182. A capacitor that carries a charge of 0.1 C at 5 V has a capacitance of 0.02 F.
183. Inside a hollow conducting sphere, the electric field is zero.
184. The total flux emitted by a source of 60 candle power is 754.2 lumens.
185. For audio frequency applications, the popular oscillator used is the Wien bridge oscillator.
186. The number system with a base of 16 is Hexadecimal.
187. If a motor has a thermal heating time constant of 50 mm and its final temperature rise at continuous full scale is 80° C, the temperature rise after 1 hour of continuous full load would be 55.9° C.
188. The advantages of a closed loop control system include both A and B.
189. A digital circuit that can store one bit is a flip-flop.
190. A combinational PLD with a programmable AND array and a fixed OR array is called a PAL.
191. Colton and his dad bought a gallon of paint that cost $13 and 2 brushes that cost $9 each, making the total cost, not including tax, of the brushes and the paint they bought $31.
192. Solving for y in the equation y – 2 + 3y = 10 yields y = 3.
193. Solving 3 over 2 * w = 66 gives w = 44.
194. The best way for Wendy to choose a random sample of the students at her school to determine which flavor of ice cream is the most popular is by selecting ten students from each homeroom.
195. Writing 5.875 as a mixed number or fraction in simplest form gives 5 and 7 over 8.
196. Solving the equation 124 = m + 34 results in m = 90.
197. The expression that represents the amount of change Zelma should receive when she buys p pounds of bananas for 40 cents per pound and pays with a twenty-dollar bill is 20 - 0.40p.
198. Celia has a large container in which four different kinds of coins are thoroughly mixed, and the best way for her to select a sample to estimate which kind of coin she has the most is by taking thirty coins out of the container without looking.
199. The expression 64 + 8 can be used in the situation where Mr. Juarez has 64 cups and puts an equal number on each of 8 tables.
200. The expression equivalent to (5 + 2) x 8 is (8 x 5) + (8 x 2).
201. The number of points Jaden scored in a game is less than 45, and is also a multiple of 7; thus, Jaden could have scored 35 points.
202. To solve 11 x 13, one can multiply 11 x 10 and 11 x 3, then add the two products.
203. Wendy bought 30 packs of gum, each pack had 5 pieces. She multiplied 30 × 5 to find the number of pieces of gum she bought, which totaled 150 pieces of gum.
204. Jan scored 3 more points in the basketball game than Salah, and Cindy scored 22 points, which was twice as many points as Jan scored. Therefore, Salah scored 8 points.
205. The ticket prices to a play are $5.00 for teachers and $3.00 for students, so it will cost $238.00 for a group of 71 students and 5 teachers to see the play.
206. In the conditional proposition "If the Bees win their first game, then neither the Aardvarks nor the Chipmunks win their first games," the antecedent is "The Bees win their first game."
207. The best symbolization of the sentence "Elliott likes to skateboard or he likes to write songs and to play them" in propositional logic (PL) is "S ∨ (W • P)."
208. For the sentence "A married couple can report their combined income and deduct their combined allowable expenses on one return provided that only one had income or they did not live together all year," the best symbolization in propositional logic (PL) is "(I ∨ ~L) ⊃ (R • D)."
209. The best translation into predicate logic of "Some robbers steal money from a bank" using the given translation key (Bx: x is a bank; Mx: x is money; Rx: x is a robber; Sxyz: x steals y from z) is "∃x{Rx • ∃y[My • ∃z(Bz • Sxyz)]}."
210. The complete truth table for the propositions "~[(G ⊃ H) ∨ ~H]" and "~G ⊃ G" shows that they are inconsistent.
211. Constructing a complete truth table for the argument "D ⊃ (~E ⊃ F), ~D ⊃ E, ~E / F" determines that the argument is valid.
212. The best English interpretation of the proposition "∀x{(Lx • Ax) ⊃ ∃y[(Hy • ~Ly) • Bxy]}" is "Every large apartment is bigger than some house that is not large."
213. The indirect truth table for the set of propositions "(A ∨ B) ∨ C, ~C, ~A ⊃ B" shows that it is consistent when A and B are true and C is false.
214. The indirect truth table for the set of propositions "~(J ∨ ~K), L ⊃ M, (J ∨ L) ⊃ (K · M)" shows that it is consistent when K and M are true and J and L are false.
215. Constructing a complete truth table for the argument "~E ∨ F, ~F / E" determines that the argument is invalid with a counterexample when E and F are false.
216. The indirect truth table for the set of propositions "P ≡ Q, ~Q ≡ R, R ≡ P, S ≡ ~P, S ≡ R" shows that they are inconsistent.
217. The indirect truth table used to determine the validity of the argument "A ⊃ (~B ≡ C), B ≡ D, ~C ≡ ~D / ~A" shows that the argument is valid.
218. Constructing a complete truth table for the pairs of propositions "A ⊃ ~B and B ⊃ A" shows that they are neither logically equivalent nor contradictory, but they are consistent.
219. The indirect truth table for the set of propositions "(G ≡ H) ⊃ H, ~H ∨ I, G · ~I" shows that it is consistent when G is true and H and I are false.
220. As of 2014, about 20% of primary-aged children in Sub-Saharan Africa were out-of-school.
221. There are two billion children in the world today, aged 0 to 15 years old, and according to the United Nations, there will also be 2 billion children in the year 2100.
222. Controlling for inflation and PPP-adjustment, the GDP per capita in India increased by 4 fold from 1950 to 2016.
223. As of 2020, about 40% of the population in Sub-Saharan Africa is living on less than $1.90 a day.
224. In 2017, the largest number of children under the age of five years died in Pakistan.
225. The global growth rate was two times as high 50 years ago as it was in 2020.
226. Most Latin American countries achieved independence in the early nineteenth century.
227. After the Atom bomb, 66% of Americans supported giving aid to Japan even at the cost of food shortages.
228. In 1948, 11% of Americans believed the Kinsey Report on Sexuality in the Male to be a bad thing.
229. Total global healthcare expenditure was about 10% of global GDP as of 2017.
230. A gradual drop in the water level of a large lake divided it into three smaller lakes, separating a single population of fish into three smaller, isolated populations. After many generations, it was determined that the three populations of fish had become three separate species, likely due to differences in the nucleotide sequences of certain gene alleles among the species.
231. It is least valid to claim that hawkmoths and hummingbirds are genetically related to each other.
232. The cell from the leaf of the aquatic plant Elodea was soaked in a 15 percent sugar solution, and its contents soon separated from the cell wall and formed a mass in the center of the cell. It is incorrect to say that the concentration of solutes in the extracellular environment is hypertonic with respect to the cell's interior.
233. Darwin's idea of the "struggle for existence" had the strongest connection to his having read Malthus's essay on human population growth.
234. Pepsin does not break down proteins to amino acids in the small intestine.
235. In a certain population of squirrels that is in Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium, where black color is a recessive phenotype present in 9 percent of the squirrels, 49 percent of the population is homozygous dominant for this trait.
236. If a fruit fly population is in Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium and 70% of the gametes produced contain the A1 allele, then 0.42 proportion of the flies carry both A1 and A2 alleles.
237. The moist skin of earthworms, spiracles of grasshoppers, and the mucus membranes lining alveoli are all associated with the process of respiration.
238. Metafemale syndrome, resulting from nondisjunction, could occur in oogenesis during anaphase II.
239. It is incorrect to say that an individual with two identical alleles is heterozygous with respect to that gene.
240. The production of high fructose corn syrup (HFCS), a sweetener containing fructose derived from corn starch often added to soft drinks, would most likely involve the reaction of glucose converting to fructose.
241. In the cytoplasm of an eukaryotic cell, the process that occurs is translation (III only).
242. A man who has hemophilia and whose wife does not have the disease and does not have any relatives with the disease will have all his daughters as carriers of the disease.
243. The destruction of all beta cells in the pancreas will cause insulin secretion to stop and blood glucose levels to increase.
244. The definition of evolution as a change in gene frequency in gene pools would have been most foreign to Charles Darwin during his lifetime.
245. Of the molecules CO2, CO32-, NO2-, and NO3-, NO2- would have the smallest bond angle between terminal atoms.
246. An element in its ground state has all of its electrons in the lowest possible energy levels.
247. Based on periodic relationships, the bond strength, and the concept relating bond strength to acid strengths, the strength of binary acids from strongest to weakest is correctly predicted as H2Se > H2S > H2O.
248. The equation C(s) + H2O(g) → H2(g) + CO(g) is best classified as a heterogeneous reaction.
249. The electron configuration 1s2 2s2 2p6 3s2 3p6 4s2 signifies the ground state of the element calcium (Ca).
250. The electromagnetic spectral regions listed in order of decreasing wavelength are infrared, visible, ultraviolet, X-ray.
251. A good buffer solution could be made from the pair of substances HC2H3O2(aq) and NaC2H3O2(aq).
252. For the photosynthesis reaction 6CO2(g) + 6H2O(l) → C6H12O6(s) + 6O2(g) with a ΔH of + 2800 kJ/mol, thermal energy is transferred from the surroundings to the reaction.
253. The average mass, in grams, of one mole of carbon atoms is equal to the average mass of a single carbon atom, measured in atomic mass units (amus).
254. Dissolving one mole of each of the oxoacids HNO2, HClO4, H2CO3, and H3PO4 in 2.0 L of distilled water results in acid solutions arranged from the one with the highest pH to the one with the lowest pH as H2CO3 > H3PO4 > HNO2 > HClO4.
255. Dissolving twenty-five milligrams of sucrose (C12H22O11) in enough water to make 1.00 liter of solution results in a molality of the solution of 7.3 × 10^-5.
256. The first ionization energy of sodium is 496 kJ/mol, and its atomic radius is 186 pm.
257. A large positive value for the standard Gibbs free energy change (ΔG°) for a reaction indicates that the reaction is non-spontaneous under standard conditions.
258. The salt Na2S is expected to produce an alkaline solution when one mole is dissolved in one liter of water.
259. An experiment was performed to determine the moles of hydrogen gas formed (collected over water) when an acid reacts with magnesium metal. To do this, a piece of dry magnesium was weighed. Then 50 mL of hydrogen was collected. Next the Mg was dried to remove about 0.1 mL of water and weighed again to see how much Mg had reacted. The volume of hydrogen was measured and converted into moles of hydrogen. In this experiment failing to convert °C to K will give the largest error in the result.
260. In Python 3, the function that removes all leading and trailing whitespace in a string is `strip([chars])`.
261. A Web server is best described as a computer system that delivers Web pages to clients.
262. A user purchased a new smart home device with embedded software and connected the device to a home network. The user then registered the device with the manufacturer, setting up an account using a personal e-mail and password. In this case a phishing attack could occur against the user of the smart home device in the following way: The user is sent an e-mail appearing to be from the manufacturer, asking the user to confirm the account password by clicking on a link in the e-mail and entering the password on the resulting page.
263. In Python 3, if `r = lambda q: q * 2`, then `r(3)` is 6.
264. The list consisting of Assembly language, Block-based programming language, Logic gate, Machine language is arranged from highest level of abstraction to lowest level of abstraction as Block-based programming language, assembly language, machine language, logic gate.
265. The most efficient method for a large hospital to find the record of a given patient from a list of patients’ records in no particular order is to do a sequential search on the name field of the records.
266. The types of functions that grow the slowest are represented by O(N^(1/N)).
267. A valid expression in Python 3.5 is `sorted('ab')`.
268. Executing the code segment with `String word = "conflagration"; int x = word.indexOf("flag"); String s = word.substring(0, x);` will result in `String s` containing "con."
269. The following is an excerpt from The Chief Periods of European History by Edward A. Freeman, 1885, British historian and politician:
"The Italian nation has been at last united in our own days, and we all rejoiced in its union. Yet we may be allowed to doubt whether the union was not a little too speedy and a little too thorough. It is surely carrying unity too far to wipe out all traces of the independent being, for most purposes to wipe out the very name, of such a land as Sicily. It jars on our feelings to find that, while Ireland at least forms part of the royal style of its sovereign, Sicily is no longer even a geographical expression. The island realm of Roger has sunk to be seven provinces of the kingdom on the mainland. And there is another result of Italian unity, a result in which we may rejoice without drawbacks, but which still has somewhat of sadness about it as finally ending that great phase of the history of Europe with which we have throughout been dealing. Never were ties with the past so fully snapped as when the army of Italy entered liberated Rome. Of all novelties in European history the greatest was when Rome became the centre of a dominion with acknowledged metes and bounds, the head in short of a local Italian kingdom. "Rome the capital of Italy" was a formula which might well gladden our hearts; but it was a formula which formally swept away the œcumenical position, the œcumenical traditions, of Rome&….
But the kingdom of Italy is not an appendage to Rome; Rome is the head of the kingdom. The whole is greater than its part; Rome, by her own free will and by the free will of Italy, has become less than Italy. By becoming the willing head of an Italian kingdom she has formally cast aside her Imperial traditions as they were not cast aside when brute force made her the head of a French department."
Based on the historical context described by Edward A. Freeman, the author would likely take exception to the methods of Giuseppe Garibaldi during this time period in Italy.
270. The following is an excerpt from Charles Fourier, of his essay On Education, 1838:
If civilized education developed in every child its natural inclinations, we should see nearly all rich children enamored of various very plebeian occupations, such as that of the mason, the carpenter, the smith, the saddler. I have instanced Louis the XVI, who loved the trade of locksmith; an Infanta of Spain preferred that of shoemaker; a certain king of Denmark gratified himself by manufacturing syringes; the former king of Naples loved to sell the fish he had caught in the market-place himself; the prince of Parma, whom Condillac had trained in metaphysical subtitles, in the understanding of intuition, of cognition, had no taste but for the occupation of church-warden and lay-brother.
The great majority of wealthy children would follow these plebeian tastes, if civilized education did not oppose the development of them; and if the filthiness of the workshops and the coarseness of the workmen did not arouse a repugnance stronger than the attraction. What child of a prince is there who has no taste for one of the four occupations I have just mentioned, that of mason, carpenter, smith, saddler, and who would not advance in them if he beheld from an early age the work carried on in blight workshops, by refined people, who would always arrange a miniature workshop for children, with little implements and light labor?
According to Charles Fourier's excerpt, he belongs to the group of intellectuals known as Utopian socialists.
271. The following is an excerpt from "Call to Power" of Vladmir Illyich Lenin, 1917:
The situation is critical in the extreme. In fact it is now absolutely clear that to delay the uprising would be fatal.
With all my might I urge comrades to realize that everything now hangs by a thread; that we are confronted by problems which are not to be solved by conferences or congresses (even congresses of Soviets), but exclusively by peoples, by the masses, by the struggle of the armed people. …
Who must take power? That is not important at present. Let the Revolutionary Military Committee do it, or "some other institution" which will declare that it will relinquish power only to the true representatives of the interests of the people, the interests of the army, the interests of the peasants, the interests of the starving.
All districts, all regiments, all forces must be mobilized at once and must immediately send their delegations to the Revolutionary Military Committee and to the Central Committee of the Bolsheviks with the insistent demand that under no circumstances should power be left in the hands of Kerensky [and his colleagues], … not under any circumstances; the matter must be decided without fail this very evening, or this very night.
From the passage, one may infer that Lenin believed that
From the text above it can be inferred that Lenin believed the Bolshevik faction could wait no longer to seize power.
272. The following is an excerpt from Political Confession of Faith of Klemens von Metternich, 1820:
The revolutionary seed had penetrated into every country and spread more or less. It was greatly developed under the régime of the military despotism of Bonaparte. His conquests displaced a number of laws, institutions, and customs; broke through bonds sacred among all nations, strong enough to resist time itself; which is more than can be said of certain benefits conferred by these innovators.
The monarchs will fulfil the duties imposed upon them by Him who, by entrusting them with power, has charged them to watch over the maintenance of justice, and the rights of all, to avoid the paths of error, and tread firmly in the way of truth. Placed beyond the passions which agitate society, it is in days of trial chiefly that they are called upon to despoil realities of their false appearances, and to show themselves as they are, fathers invested with the authority belonging by right to the heads of families, to prove that, in days of mourning, they know how to be just, wise, and therefore strong, and that they will not abandon the people whom they ought to govern to be the sport of factions, to error and its consequences, which must involve the loss of society.
Union between the monarchs is the basis of the policy which must now be followed to save society from total ruin. . . .
Let them not confound concessions made to parties with the good they ought to do for their people, in modifying, according to their recognized needs, such branches of the administration as require it.
Let them be just, but strong; beneficent, but strict.
Let them maintain religious principles in all their purity, and not allow the faith to be attacked and morality interpreted according to the social contract or the visions of foolish sectarians.
Let them suppress Secret Societies; that gangrene of society.
Based on the text above the best description of the goals of the new ideology of conservatism as explained by Metternich is the suppression of nationalist and liberal revolutions that called for democratic and economic reforms.
273. The following is the Report of the Estates of Normandy written in 1651:
Of the 450 sick persons whom the inhabitants were unable to relieve, 200 were turned out, and these we saw die one by one as they lay on the roadside. A large number still remain, and to each of them it is only possible to dole out the least scrap of bread. We only give bread to those who would otherwise die. The staple dish here consists of mice, which the inhabitants hunt, so desperate are they from hunger. They devour roots which the animals cannot eat; one can, in fact, not put into words the things one sees. . . . This narrative, far from exaggerating, rather understates the horror of the case, for it does not record the hundredth part of the misery in this district. Those who have not witnessed it with their own eyes cannot imagine how great it is. Not a day passes but at least 200 people die of famine in the two provinces. We certify to having ourselves seen herds, not of cattle, but of men and women, wandering about the fields between Rheims and Rhétel, turning up the earth like pigs to find a few roots; and as they can only find rotten ones, and not half enough of them, they become so weak that they have not strength left to seek food. The parish priest at Boult, whose letter we enclose, tells us he has buried three of his parishioners who died of hunger. The rest subsisted on chopped straw mixed with earth, of which they composed a food which cannot be called bread. Other persons in the same place lived on the bodies of animals which had died of disease, and which the curé, otherwise unable to help his people, allowed them to roast at the presbytery fire.
—
The intellectual movement occurring in Europe at the time of the governmental report from the Estates of Normandy in 1651, which would help improve crop yields, is the Scientific Revolution.
274. The following entries are in the diary of Napoleon Bonaparte:
Paris has a short memory. If I remain longer doing nothing, I am lost. In this great Babylon one reputation quickly succeeds another. After I have been seen three times at the theatre, I shall not be looked at again. I shall therefore not go very frequently. (diary, 1798)
If the press is not bridled, I shall not remain three days in power. (diary, 1799)
The presence of a general is necessary; he is the head, he is the all in all of an army. It was not the Roman army that conquered Gaul, it was Caesar, it was not the Carthaginians that made the armies of the Roman republic tremble at the very gates of Rome, it was Hannibal. (diary, 1801)
My power proceeds from my reputation, and my reputation from the victories I have won. My power would fall if I were not to support it with more glory and more victories. Conquest has made me what I am; only conquest can maintain me. (diary, 1802)
The revolution in France is over and now there is only one party in France and I shall never allow the newspapers to say anything contrary to my interests. They may publish a few little articles with just a bit of poison in them, but one fine day I shall shut their mouths forever. (diary, 1805)
Napoleon instituted the Continental System to accomplish Defeat England through economic war
275. The following excerpt is from Otis T. Mason, American ethnologist and curator about the Paris Exposition of 1889:
"The opportunities to study the natural history of man in Paris during the Exposition, and especially in August, when the great Congresses and the French Association held their sessions, were unparalleled in the history of anthropology. At any time the French capital affords rare advantages to the anthropologist. The Musée and Laboratoire Broca, the anthropometric operations of Bertillon in the Palais de Justice, the courses of lectures in the école d'Anthropologie, the collections in the Jardin de Plantes, the facilities for original work in the écoles de Medicine, and the hospitals give to the comparative anatomist and biologist abundant employment."
The opportunities described in the text can be attributed to the stability brought to France by the Third Republic
276. The following is passage has been written by Roland Doregelès, After 50 Years, c. 1965:
"It's come! It's posted at the district mayor's office," a passerby shouted at me as he ran. I reached the Rue Drout in one leap. … I read the message at a glance. … "The First Day of Mobilization Will Be Sunday, August 2 [1914]." … It was an announcement to a million and a half Frenchmen. … War! … Dead tired but exhilarated, I got back to [my newspaper's office] and burst into the office of Georges Clemenceau, our chief. "What is Paris saying?" he asked me. "It's singing, sir!" "It will be all right then[," Clemenceau replied].
From Roland Doregelès's account, it can be inferred that Doregelès shared Paris's excitement about the advent of war in 1914.
277. The following quote is from Voltaire in response to the 1755 Lisbon earthquake:
My dear sir, nature is very cruel. One would find it hard to imagine how the laws of movement cause such frightful disasters in the best of possible worlds. A hundred thousand ants, our fellows, crushed all at once in our ant-hill, and half of them perishing, no doubt in unspeakable agony, beneath the wreckage from which they cannot be drawn. Families ruined all over Europe, the fortune of a hundred businessmen, your compatriots, swallowed up in the ruins of Lisbon. What a wretched gamble is the game of human life! What will the preachers say, especially if the palace of the Inquisition is still standing? I flatter myself that at least the reverend father inquisitors have been crushed like others. That ought to teach men not to persecute each other, for while a few holy scoundrels burn a few fanatics, the earth swallows up one and all.
—Voltaire, in a letter, 1755
Voltaire's statement in the last sentence, criticizing persecution, is most likely influenced by which of the following?
Answer: Europeans gaining a more thorough understanding of the rich cultural diversity to be found through trade and travel
Voltaire's statement in his response to the 1755 Lisbon earthquake, criticizing persecution, is most likely influenced by Europeans gaining a more thorough understanding of the rich cultural diversity to be found through trade and travel.
278. The following passage come from Erasmus and the Age of Reformation, written by Johan Huizinga, twentieth-century Dutch philosopher, 1924:
"In 1500 that work appeared which Erasmus had written after his misfortune at Dover, and had dedicated to Mountjoy, the Adagiorum Collectanea. It was a collection of about eight hundred proverbial sayings drawn from the Latin authors of antiquity and elucidated for the use of those who aspired to write an elegant Latin style. In the dedication Erasmus pointed out the profit an author may derive, both in ornamenting his style and in strengthening his argumentation, from having at his disposal a good supply of sentences hallowed by their antiquity. He proposes to offer such a help to his readers. What he actually gave was much more. He familiarized a much wider circle than the earlier humanists had reached with the spirit of antiquity.
Until this time the humanists had, to some extent, monopolized the treasures of classic culture, in order to parade their knowledge of which the multitude remained destitute, and so to become strange prodigies of learning and elegance. With his irresistible need of teaching and his sincere love for humanity and its general culture, Erasmus introduced the classic spirit, in so far as it could be reflected in the soul of a sixteenth-century Christian, among the people. Not he alone; but none more extensively and more effectively. Not among all the people, it is true, for by writing in Latin he limited his direct influence to the educated classes, which in those days were the upper classes.
Erasmus made current the classic spirit. Humanism ceased to be the exclusive privilege of a few. According to Beatus Rhenanus he had been reproached by some humanists, when about to publish the Adagia, for divulging the mysteries of their craft. But he desired that the book of antiquity should be open to all."
Based on Huizinga's description of Erasmus's career, the contributions of Erasmus are most similar to those of Francesco Petrarch
279. The following is an excerpt from Novum Organum written by Francis Bacon, English philosopher and essayist, 1620:
"XI. As the present sciences are useless for the discovery of effects, so the present system of logic is useless for the discovery of the sciences.
XIX. There are and can exist but two ways of investigating and discovering truth. The one hurries on rapidly from the senses and particulars to the most general axioms, and from them, as principles and their supposed indisputable truth, derives and discovers the intermediate axioms. This is the way now in use. The other constructs its axioms from the senses and particulars, by ascending continually and gradually, till it finally arrives at the most general axioms, which is the true but unattempted way.
XXII. Each of these two ways begins from the senses and particulars, and ends in the greatest generalities&…
XXXVI. We have but one simple method of delivering our sentiments, namely, we must bring men to particulars and their regular series and order, and they must for a while renounce their notions, and begin to form an acquaintance with things."
Based on Francis Bacon's "Novum Organum," his approach differs from the studies of the Renaissance era that preceded it in that the Renaissance revered the natural teachings of classical authority, whereas Bacon sought to overturn them.
280. The following is an excerpt from How I Became a Socialist of William Morris, 1896.
Apart from the desire to produce beautiful things, the leading passion of my life has been and is hatred of modern civilization. What shall I say of it now, when the words are put into my mouth, my hope of its destruction—what shall I say of its supplanting by Socialism?
What shall I say concerning its mastery of and its waste of mechanical power, its commonwealth so poor, its enemies of the commonwealth so rich, its stupendous organization—for the misery of life! Its contempt of simple pleasures which everyone could enjoy but for its folly? Its eyeless vulgarity which has destroyed art, the one certain solace of labor? All this I felt then as now, but I did not know why it was so. The hope of the past times was gone, the struggles of mankind for many ages had produced nothing but this sordid, aimless, ugly confusion; the immediate future seemed to me likely to intensify all the present evils by sweeping away the last survivals of the days before the dull squalor of civilization had settled down on the world.
This was a bad lookout indeed, and, if I may mention myself as a personality and not as a mere type, especially so to a man of my disposition, careless of metaphysics and religion, as well as of scientific analysis, but with a deep love of the earth and the life on it, and a passion for the history of the past of mankind.
From the text above it can be inferred that by 1896, Morris had dedicated himself to the triumph of socialism.
281.The following is an excerpt from Excerpt of a letter from British social reformer Francis Place, written in 1842:
Under the name of Chartist well-meaning inconsiderate men and other misled men have in very many cases, all over the country from the extreme west to the extreme east and from Brighton in the south to nearly the extreme north of Scotland, denounced every man who is not a working man, applied to him, the grossest epithets and most atrocious intentions and conduct, have threatened them with vengeance and in some places, have proposed plans for the seizure and division of their property—numbers of misled men and others of bad character, under the self-denomination of Chartists have gone from place to place and in the most violent manner disturbed and dispersed meetings of various kinds. Your Committee object to the words Household Suffrage since under any honest definition of the words—they would exclude a large majority of the men of these kingdoms—and because they have become reasonably obnoxious to the political portion of the working people.

Based on the historical point of view in the document above, the author is not a radical reformer because he criticizes the Chartists.
282. The following is the Leeds Woolen Workers Petition written in 1786:
The Scribbling-Machines have thrown thousands of your petitioners out of employ, whereby they are brought into great distress, and are not able to procure a maintenance for their families, and deprived them of the opportunity of bringing up their children to labour. … The number of Scribbling-Machines extending about seventeen miles south-west of Leeds exceed all belief, being no less than one hundred and seventy! And as each machine will do as much work in twelve hours, as ten men can in that time do by hand, … [And, as the machines do] as much work in one day as would otherwise employ twenty men, … [a] full four thousand men are left to shift for a living how they can, and must of course fall to the Parish, if not timely relieved. … How are those men, thus thrown out of employ to provide for their families; and what are they to put their children apprentice to, that the rising generation may have something to keep them at work, in order that they may not be like vagabonds strolling about in idleness? … Many more evils we could enumerate, but we would hope, that the sensible part of mankind, who are not biased by interest, must see the dreadful tendency of their continuance; a depopulation must be the consequence; trade being then lost, the landed interest will have no other satisfaction but that of being last devoured.
The authors of the Leeds Woolen Workers Petition in 1786 made the assumption that the economic well-being of the city and region was tied to its inhabitants having employment.
283. The following is an excerpt from Germany: The Long Road West, Volume 1, written by Heinrich August Winkler in 2006: 
For a long time, educated Germans answered it in the positive, initially by laying claim to a special German mission, then, after the collapse of 1945, by criticizing Germany's deviation from the West. Today, the negative view is predominant. Germany did not, according to the now prevailing opinion, differ from the great European nations to an extent that would justify speaking of a "unique German path." And, in any case, no country on earth ever took what can be described as the "normal path."
Prior to 1945, there was significant belief in a unique German mission in history, as indicated by Heinrich August Winkler in "Germany: The Long Road West."
284. A situation that does not occur in a federal state is when the central government governs the country as a single unit.
285. City planners separate discordant land uses such as housing and sewage plants through zoning.
286. The cause of Detroit's shrinking population can be attributed to deindustrialization.
287. World population tends to be concentrated on continental margins.
288. Walter Christaller developed central place theory as a tool to describe the spatial relationships between cities of different sizes and functions.
289. A society in which two or more population groups coexist while maintaining their unique culture demonstrates cultural pluralism.
290. The rehabilitation of old, rundown inner-city neighborhoods by middle- and high-income people is called gentrification.
291. Stage 1 of the demographic transition model is characterized by high birth rates and high variable death rates.
292. The most widespread primary economic activity in the world is agriculture.
293. Political party affiliation is not usually a possible reason for migration.
294. An example of a stateless nation is Palestine.
295. The region that experiences the greatest temperature extremes due to continentality is Siberia in Russia.
296. The oldest, biggest, and most widely distributed language family from the Hudson Bay to Tierra del Fuego is Amerindian.
297. Islam is a universalizing religion.
298. The rectangular land survey system is not based on French and Spanish settlement patterns.
299. The accurate description of congressional committees is that the committee chairpersons always belong to the majority party (I only).
300. An accurate statement about interest groups is that they generally are not focused on appealing to a broad group of people.
301. The government often finds it difficult to make substantive changes to entitlement programs because these programs are extremely popular among their numerous beneficiaries.
302. An unintended result of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1974 was that thousands of political action committees were created to raise funds for candidates.
303. Legislative oversight occurs when congressional committees investigate and evaluate the performance of executive agencies and departments.
304. The largest portion of the federal budget covers the costs of entitlement programs.
305. An accurate statement about the federal court system is that Congress has the power to create new federal courts.
306. The media play a major role in establishing the public agenda by deciding how prominently to cover issue-related news stories.
307. During the second half of the twentieth century, the Supreme Court's position on free speech was that free speech is essential to liberty and therefore may be abridged only under extreme circumstances.
308. An "unfunded mandate" is created when the federal government requires state and municipal governments to fulfill a particular duty but does not provide the finances for doing so.
309. The court decision Roe v. Wade did not deal with the First Amendment.
310. Before serving in the House of Representatives or Senate, the greatest number of federal legislators earn law degrees.
311. The separation of church and state is articulated in the establishment clause.
312. An appointment to the office of White House Chief of Staff is not subject to confirmation by the U.S. Senate.
313. The group that most frequently benefits from political action committee (PAC) donations are incumbents running for reelection.
314. An action that would lead to an expansion of the money supply is when the FED buys government securities in the secondary market.
315. For mutual benefit from specialization and trade between two countries to exist, there must be a comparative advantage in the production of a good or service.
316. When government uses expansionary fiscal policy, the spending multiplier is often smaller than predicted because of rising price levels.
317. Some economists believe that when aggregate demand declines, prices are inflexible or "sticky" in the downward direction, implying that the short-run aggregate supply curve is horizontal below full employment.
318. If the aggregate demand curve shifts to the right on an upward sloping aggregate supply curve, both the equilibrium price level and the equilibrium quantity of output increase.
319. If the economy is operating below full employment, the action that will have the greatest positive impact on real gross domestic product is when the government increases spending with no change in taxes.
320. The theory of rational expectations assumes that consumers and businesses anticipate rising prices when the government pursues an expansionary fiscal policy.
321. The price of gasoline has recently increased while gasoline consumption has also increased because consumers prefer larger automobiles, shifting the demand for gasoline to the right.
322. Stagflation occurs when the price level rises and output falls.
323. Suppose an economy is in long-run equilibrium at the full-employment level of output; if government spending then increases, an inflationary gap is created because the aggregate demand curve shifts to the right.
324. A direct accurate link within the circular flow is that household expenditures result in revenues for firms via the product markets.
325. According to economists, the bulk of "investment" is done by businesses.
326. A nation's economic growth can be seen as an increase in the LRAS curve.
327. If the federal government reclassified the purchase of a new home as consumption spending rather than investment spending, this decision would have no impact on aggregate demand and real GDP.
328. Gross Domestic Product is a close approximation of national income.
329. If each exit on a highway numbered from 1 to 50 is at least 6 km from the next, and the distance from exit 41 to exit 50 is 100 km, the longest possible distance between exit 47 and exit 48 is 52 km.
330. In a group of 11 people where each person names two other people and claims that of the two, exactly one of them is lying, and each person is named in this way by exactly two other people, the sum of all possible values of T (the number of people who always tell the truth) is 12.
331. Six of the integers from 1 to 9 are divisors of the five-digit number 24,516.
332. Sam has \(\frac{5}{8}\) of a pound of chocolate. If he eats \(\frac{1}{3}\) of the chocolate he has, he eats \(\frac{5}{24}\) pounds of chocolate.
333. Alex grows an initial culture of 100 Rhizopus stolonifer fungi on a sample of bread. If after 5 hours she measures the number of fungi to be 750, the value of \(r\) in the exponential growth equation \(A = Pe^{rt}\) is 0.403.
334. The product of the greatest even prime number and the least odd prime number is 6.
335. The maximum value of \(4(x + 7)(2 - x)\), over all real numbers \(x\), is 81.
336. Dividing 11 by the reciprocal of \(1815 \div 11\) gives 1815.
337. When \(\sqrt[3]{-128}\) is simplified, the result is \(-2\sqrt[3]{2}\), where \(a\) is \(-2\) and \(b\) is 2, hence \(a+b\) equals \(-2\).
338. Given that \(a(a+2b) = \frac{104}{3}\), \(b(b+2c) = \frac{7}{9}\), and \(c(c+2a) = -7\), the absolute value of \(a+b+c\) is \(\frac{16}{3}\).
339. If the domain of \(f(x) = (x+2)^2-5\) is restricted to the interval \([c,\infty)\), the smallest value of \(c\) that allows \(f\) to have an inverse function is \(-2\).
340. A circle that passes through the points (3, 4) and (5, 7) cannot have the point (−1, −2) lie on it.
341. The number of square units in the region satisfying the inequalities \(y \ge |x|\) and \(y \le -|x|+3\) is 4.5.
342. Andy can select different summer reading programs by choosing one book from each category: fiction, nonfiction, science, and history, with 15 fiction, 12 nonfiction, 5 science, and 21 history books available, resulting in 18,900 different combinations.
343. When a spaceship full of scientists landed on Planet Q, they found that \(\frac{17}{40}\) of the 160 aliens had 3 eyes, thus 68 aliens had 3 eyes.
344. If average household income rises and the demand for pork chops increases, then pork chops are classified as a normal good.
345. A change in the price of hamburgers will not cause a shift in the demand curve for hamburgers.
346. It is not correct to say that when marginal cost equals price in a perfectly competitive product market at long run equilibrium, it is a sign of high concentration among sellers.
347. The concept that as the price of a particular good increases, the added satisfaction of each additional unit of this good for the consumer decreases is identified as diminishing marginal utility.
348. In the long run, a monopolistically competitive firm earns zero economic profit.
349. Relative to a competitive product market with the same costs, a monopoly can be expected to involve more deadweight loss.
350. For the statements given about the effects of price change and quantity change on a particular good, none of the statements had both determinable price change and quantity change.
351. An example of economies of scale is when a firm's inputs triple, and its output quadruples.
352. For a polluting steel company, a government action that achieves an optimal or efficient outcome would most likely result in a decrease in output and an increase in price.
353. The utility-maximizing rule is to choose the basket of goods that makes the marginal utility to price ratio equal for all goods in the basket subject to the income constraint.
354. The condition that \(P = MC\) is the direct requirement for allocative efficiency.
355. A scenario that would increase a nation's production possibility frontier (PPF) is the nation investing in research and development of new technology.
356. In the short run, the shut down price is equal to the minimum point on the average variable cost.
357. The condition that explains inefficiency for firms in a monopolistically competitive industry is excess capacity compared to competitive industries.
358. If supply and demand both increase, the result is a definite increase in quantity and an indeterminate change in price.
359. When a lightweight toy car crashes head-on into a heavier toy truck, the magnitude of the acceleration experienced by the car will be greater than that experienced by the truck (III only).
360. When a 100 W bulb and a 50 W bulb are connected in series, the 50 W bulb is twice as bright.
Here are the continued affirmative statements starting from 361:

361. If you have a wire of length \(L\), radius \(Q\), and resistance \(Q\), and you need to obtain half that resistance using the same material, you could use half the length.
362. A swimmer is able to propel himself forward through the water by moving his arms; the force responsible for the swimmer’s forward acceleration is the force of the surrounding water on the swimmer’s arms.
363. If a spherical balloon filled with helium is inflated until its radius is doubled, the buoyant force on the balloon will increase by a factor of 8.
364. An object initially at rest experiences a time-varying acceleration given by \(a = (2 \text{ m/s}^3)t\) for \(t \geq 0\). The object travels 9 meters in the first 3 seconds.
365. A pair of protective headphones reduces the sound of a jet engine from 140 dB to 110 dB, which blocks about 99.90% of the noise.
366. In a sealed container with an equal number of hydrogen and carbon dioxide molecules initially at 300 K and then heated to 600 K, the molecules of hydrogen, on average, end with a higher speed, but the molecules of both gases end with the same average kinetic energy.
367. If a uniform bar lying on a flat table is acted upon by two forces, \(F1\) and \(F2\), which are parallel to the surface of the table, the net torque will be zero if \(F1\) and \(F2\) are applied at the same point and the net force on the rod is zero.
368. An arrow aimed horizontally, directly at the center of a target 20 m away, hits 0.050 m below the center of the target. The initial speed of the arrow, neglecting air resistance, was 200 m/s.
369. The dimensions of power, denoted by \(M(L^2)/T^3\), involve the dimensions of length (\(L\)), mass (\(M\)), and time (\(T\)).
370. A projectile launched on level ground in a parabolic path that would normally have a range of 500 m breaks into two pieces of equal mass at the peak of its flight. One piece falls straight down, and the other piece lands 750 m away from the launch point.
371. To determine the work done on a cart by a horizontal force in a laboratory experiment where the cart moves horizontally in a straight line, you need to know the mass of the cart, the cart’s initial speed, and the cart’s final speed.
372. Sounds can be heard around a corner but light cannot be seen around a corner because sound has a longer wavelength, which increases the diffraction.
373. If a spherical conductor carries a net charge, the charge resides only on the surface; the distribution of charge on the surface depends on what other charged objects are near the sphere.
374. Alyssa presents one group of shoppers with an advertisement for milk that is 99 percent fat free and another group with an advertisement for milk that is 1 percent fat to most likely test the effect of framing on consumer perception.
375. A researcher might use a variable ratio of reinforcement rather than a fixed ratio because variable ratio schedules of reinforcement are more resistant to extinction than fixed schedules.
376. Mnemonic devices, such as the method of loci, are typically effective at helping individuals remember information because they connect new information to information already stored in Long-Term Memory (LTM).
377. For the mean, mode, and median of a data set to be equal, the distribution must be normal.
378. Newborn reflexes that help infants find and eat food include the rooting reflex.
379. Sperling's partial report technique was designed to test the capacity of sensory memory.
380. REM sleep deprivation generally causes interference with memory tasks as a side effect.
381. Longitudinal studies provide the most valid and reliable data about individuals as they progress through various stages of development.
382. Shakira is solving the problem by use of an algorithm when she systematically lists every single possible combination of alleles to determine the probability that the baby will show a particular set of traits.
383. The day after 10-year-old Genna underwent surgery to remove nearly the entire right hemisphere of her brain, her ability to move her left hand illustrates the brain's plasticity.
384. A psychologist employing naturalistic observation might study the behavior of prisoners by dressing as a prison guard and standing in the recreation area to unobtrusively study the actions and interactions of the inmates.
385. A psychologist who believes in the humanistic perspective would be most likely to agree that people's behavior is primarily a result of free will.
386. More than half of the volume of the human brain is composed of the cerebral cortex.
387. Six-month-old Sasha's enjoyment of playing "peek-a-boo" with her mother indicates that she has developed a sense of object permanence.
388. According to the opponent process theory of emotions, repetitions of an emotion-arousing event strengthen the opposing emotion.
389. The mean number of successes in a binomial experiment that occurs with a probability of success of 0.76 and is repeated 150 times is 114, but there is not enough information given to determine the standard deviation.
390. When random samples of size \(n\) are drawn from a population and the procedure is repeated with samples of size \(4n\), the standard deviation of the group of sample means in the second case will be half as large as in the first.
391. In sample surveys, bias refers to a systematic error in a sampling method that leads to an unrepresentative sample.
392. Examples of continuous data include the speed your car goes, the average temperature in San Francisco, and the wingspan of a bird, but not the number of outcomes of a binomial experiment or the jersey numbers of a football team.
393. A local library has a scanner to detect library materials that have not been checked out. Each item has a chip somewhere inside. Upon checkout, the chip is deactivated so the scanner will not set off the alarm. The scanner has a 98% chance of detecting an active chip (meaning the material has not been checked out) and setting off the alarm. The scanner also has a 3% chance of sounding the alarm when someone passes through without an active chip. It is estimated that 0.5% of library customers actually try to leave the library with an active chip. The probability that, if the alarm sounds, the patron leaving the library has an item with an active chip is approximately 0.141.
394. A skeptic decides to conduct an experiment in ESP in which a blindfolded subject calls out the color of a card dealt from a regular deck of cards (half the cards are red; the other half, black). One hundred cards are dealt from a well-shuffled pack, with each card being replaced after a deal. Using a 5 percent level of significance, the lowest number of cards that the subject needs to call out correctly in order to show that he is doing better than he would if he were simply guessing is 59
395. When a survey states that 67% of parents support raising the legal driving age to 18 with a margin of error of ±3%, it means that it is unlikely the true percentage deviates from the 67% reported by more than 3%, implying the true percentage is likely between 64% and 70%.
396. In basketball, an offensive rebound occurs when a player shoots and misses, and a player from the same team recovers the ball. For the 176 players on the roster for one season of professional men's basketball, the third quartile for the total number of offensive rebounds for one season was 143. If five players are selected at random (with replacement) from that season, the approximate probability that at least three of them had more than 143 rebounds that season is 0.1035
If the third quartile for the total number of offensive rebounds for one season was 143 for 176 players, the approximate probability that at least three out of five randomly selected players (with replacement) had more than 143 rebounds that season is 0.1035.
397. A binomial probability model is most reasonable for the number of times, out of 10 attempts, that a particular child can throw a ball into a basket from six feet away.
398. According to the central limit theorem, the sample mean \(X\) is approximately normally distributed for a large sample, regardless of the distribution of the random variable \(X\).
399. If Jonathan obtained a score of 80 on a statistics exam, placing him at the 90th percentile, and then five points are added to everyone's score, his new score will still be at the 90th percentile.
400. It would be most unreasonable to use a census to determine the proportion of red snappers with a high mercury level in the Gulf of Mexico because of the practical difficulties in checking every individual fish in such a large and varied population.
401. A random sample of families was taken in order to estimate the relation between fertility and level of education (measured in number of years). A confidence interval needs to be constructed for the slope of the regression line. The social worker in charge of the project is debating whether to use a 90 percent or a 95 percent confidence interval. We can state that the 95 percent confidence interval will be wider than the 90 percent confidence interval.
402. A particular crop of one variety of onion has weights that are approximately normally distributed with mean 9.8 oz. and standard deviation 2.1 oz. An onion in the 28th percentile for weight weighs 1.22 ounces below the mean of 9.8 ounces.
403. The median of a set of four numbers, where the largest value is 200 and the range is 50, is the mean of the second and third numbers when arranged in ascending order.
404. 
The following is an excerpt from "The Lessons of Vietnam," of Senator George McGovern written in April 25, 1967: 
Our leaders talk about stopping aggression from the north, but this was a struggle among groups of Vietnamese until we intervened. We seem bent upon saving the Vietnamese from Ho Chi Minh even if we have to kill them and demolish their country to do it. As the native people survey bombed-out villages, women and children burned by napalm, rice crops destroyed and cities overrun with our military personnel, they are doubtless saying secretly of the Vietcong guerillas and of the American forces, "A plague on both your houses." … Stop the bombing, north and south, end search and destroy offensive sweeps, and confine our military action to holding operations on the ground. Bombing the north has failed to halt or seriously check the flow of troops to the south and may, in fact, have prompted a much greater war effort by Hanoi.
The sentiments expressed in the speech most directly reflect the popular attitude from the 1960s that government statements about Vietnam could not be trusted.
405. 
The following is an excerpt from a speech of President Andrew Jackson held 1829:
"As a means of effecting this end I suggest for your consideration the propriety of setting apart an ample district west of the Mississippi, and without the limit of any State or Territory now formed, to be guaranteed to the Indian tribes as long as they shall occupy it. . . . There they may be secured in the enjoyment of governments of their own choice, subject to no other control from the United States than such as may be necessary to preserve peace on the frontier and between the several tribes. There the benevolent may endeavor to teach them the arts of civilization. . . .
"This emigration would be voluntary, for it would be as cruel and unjust to compel the aborigines to abandon the graves of their fathers and seek a home in a distant land. But they should be distinctly informed that if they remain within the limits of the States they must be subject to their laws. . . ."
Martin Luther King was in jail in Birmingham, Alabama, because of his belief in protesting injustice through the use of nonviolent direct action.
406. The following is an excerpt from "I Stand Before You Under Indictment" (speech) written by Susan B. Anthony in 1873: 
This question refers to the following information.
"One-half of the people of this nation to-day are utterly powerless to blot from the statute books an unjust law, or to write there a new and a just one. The women, dissatisfied as they are with this form of government, that enforces taxation without representation,—that compels them to obey laws to which they have never given their consent,—that imprisons and hangs them without a trial by a jury of their peers, that robs them, in marriage, of the custody of their own persons, wages and children,—are this half of the people left wholly at the mercy of the other half, in direct violation of the spirit and letter of the declarations of the framers of this government, every one of which was based on the immutable principle of equal rights to all."
The actions critiqued in the cartoon about Andrew Carnegie reflected the thinking of the Gospel of Wealth.
407. The following is an excerpt from a letter to John Jay, written by George Washington in August 1, 1786:
"Your sentiments, that our affairs are drawing rapidly to a crisis, accord with my own. What the event will be is also beyond the reach of my foresight. We have errors to correct. We have probably had too good an opinion of human nature in forming our confederation. Experience has taught us that men will not adopt and carry into execution measures the best calculated for their own good without the intervention of a coercive power. I do not conceive that we can exist long as a nation without having lodged somewhere a power which will pervade the whole Union in as energetic a manner as the authority of the state governments extends over the several states. . . .
"What astonishing changes a few years are capable of producing. I am told that even respectable characters speak of a monarchical form of government without horror. . . . What a triumph for our enemies to verify their predictions! What a triumph for the advocates of despotism to find that we are incapable of governing ourselves, and that systems founded on the basis of equal liberty are merely ideal and fallacious. . . ."
Those who shared the sentiments expressed by George Washington in his letter would most likely have supported the ratification of the Constitution in 1789.
408. The following is a statement from Woodrow Wilson, 1914
"Whereas the laws and treaties of the United States, without interfering with the free expression of opinion and sympathy, or with the commercial manufacture or sale of arms or munitions of war, nevertheless impose upon all persons who may be within their territory and jurisdiction the duty of an impartial neutrality during the existence of the contest; And Whereas it is the duty of a neutral government not to permit or suffer the making of its waters subservient to the purposes of war;
"Now, Therefore, I, Woodrow Wilson, President of the United States of America, in order to preserve the neutrality of the United States…do hereby declare and proclaim….
"That the statutes and the treaties of the United States and the law of nations alike require that no person, within the territory and jurisdiction of the United States, shall take part, directly or indirectly, in the said wars, but shall remain at peace with all of the said belligerents, and shall maintain a strict and impartial neutrality…."
The statement by Woodrow Wilson in 1914 was most likely prompted by Austria-Hungary's declaration of war against Serbia.
409. The following is an excerpt from "South Carolina Exposition and Protest," written by John C. Calhoun 1828
"If it be conceded, as it must be by every one who is the least conversant with our institutions, that the sovereign powers delegated are divided between the General and State Governments, and that the latter hold their portion by the same tenure as the former, it would seem impossible to deny to the States the right of deciding on the infractions of their powers, and the proper remedy to be applied for their correction. The right of judging, in such cases, is an essential attribute of sovereignty, of which the States cannot be divested without losing their sovereignty itself, and being reduced to a subordinate corporate condition. In fact, to divide power, and to give to one of the parties the exclusive right of judging of the portion allotted to each, is, in reality, not to divide it at all; and to reserve such exclusive right to the General Government (it matters not by what department to be exercised), is to convert it, in fact, into a great consolidated government, with unlimited powers, and to divest the States, in reality, of all their rights, It is impossible to understand the force of terms, and to deny so plain a conclusion."
—
The argument put forth by John C. Calhoun resembles the debate over replacing the Articles of Confederation with the Constitution.
410. The following is passage is taken from the Examination before Parliament held by Benjamin Franklin in 1766
"I know that whenever the subject has occurred in conversation where I have been present, it has appeared to be the opinion of every one that we could not be taxed by a Parliament wherein we were not represented. But the payment of duties laid by an act of Parliament as regulations of commerce was never disputed. . . . An external tax is a duty laid on commodities imported; that duty is added to the first cost and other charges on the commodity, and, when it is offered for sale, makes a part of the price. If the people do not like it at that price, they refuse it; they are not obliged to pay it. But an internal tax is forced from the people without their consent if not laid by their own representatives. The Stamp Act says we shall have no commerce, make no exchange of property with each other, neither purchase nor grant, nor recover debts; we shall neither marry nor make our wills, unless we pay such and such sums; and thus it is intended to extort our money from us or ruin us by the consequence of refusing to pay it."
Helen Hunt Jackson in "A Century of Dishonor" was most critical of the policy described by Benjamin Franklin regarding taxation without representation.
411. The following passage is taken from First Inaugural Address held by Ronald Reagan in January 21, 1981
"The economic ills we suffer have come upon us over several decades. They will not go away in days, weeks, or months, but they will go away. They will go away because we as Americans have the capacity now, as we've had in the past, to do whatever needs to be done to preserve this last and greatest bastion of freedom. In this present crisis, government is not the solution to our problem; government is the problem. . . .
"It is my intention to curb the size and influence of the Federal establishment and to demand recognition of the distinction between the powers granted to the Federal Government and those reserved to the States or to the people. All of us need to be reminded that the Federal Government did not create the States; the States created the Federal Government."
One way in which President Reagan acted on his rhetoric in the passage was to
Answer: work with Congress to cut taxes and government spending.
President Reagan acted on his rhetoric to curb the size and influence of the Federal establishment by working with Congress to cut taxes and government spending.
412. The following excerpt is taken from a letter to John Adams written by Abigail Adams in 1776
"In the new Code of Laws which I suppose it will be necessary for you to make I desire you would Remember the Ladies, and be more generous and favorable to them than your ancestors. Do not put such unlimited power into the hands of the Husbands. Remember all Men would be tyrants if they could. If particular care and attention is not paid to the Ladies we are determined to foment a Rebellion, and will not hold ourselves bound by any Laws in which we have no voice, or Representation."
The following excerpt is taken from Susan B. Anthony, "Declaration of Rights for Women," July 4, 1876
"Special legislation for woman has placed us in a most anomalous position. Women invested with the rights of citizens in one section—voters, jurors, office-holders—crossing an imaginary line, are subjects in the next. In some States, a married woman may hold property and transact business in her own name; in others, her earnings belong to her husband. In some States, a woman may testify against her husband, sue and be sued in the courts; in others, she has no redress in case of damage to person, property, or character. In case of divorce on account of adultery in the husband, the innocent wife is held to possess no right to children or property, unless by special decree of the court. But in no State of the Union has the wife the right to her own person, or to any part of the joint earnings of the co-partnership during the life of her husband. In some States women may enter the law schools and practice in the courts; in others they are forbidden. In some universities girls enjoy equal educational advantages with boys, while many of the proudest institutions in the land deny them admittance, though the sons of China, Japan and Africa are welcomed there. But the privileges already granted in the several States are by no means secure."
The excerpts from Abigail Adams and Susan B. Anthony support the conclusion that women's rights movements flourished in response to inconsistent legislation and unequal distributions of power throughout the nation.
413. The following excerpt is taken from the Veto of the Bank of the United States, of President Andrew Jackson, 1832:
"Is there no danger to our liberty and independence in a bank that in its nature has so little to bind it to our country? The president of the bank has told us that most of the State banks exist by its forbearance. Should its influence become concentrated, as it may under the operation of such an act as this, in the hands of a self-elected directory whose interests are identified with those of the foreign stockholders, will there not be cause to tremble for the purity of our elections in peace and for the independence of our country in war? Their power would be great whenever they might choose to exert it; but if this monopoly were regularly renewed every fifteen or twenty years on terms proposed by themselves, they might seldom in peace put forth their strength to influence elections or control the affairs of the nation. But if any private citizen or public functionary should interpose to curtail its powers or prevent a renewal of its privileges, it cannot be doubted that he would be made to feel its influence."
President Andrew Jackson chose to veto the re-charter of the Second Bank because he believed the bank's interests were identified with those of foreign stockholders.
414. The following is a passage from  Charter of Privileges Granted by William Penn, esq. to the Inhabitants of Pennsylvania and Territories, signed by William Penn in October 28, 1701:
BECAUSE no People can be truly happy, though under the greatest Enjoyment of Civil Liberties, if abridged of the Freedom of their Consciences, as to their Religious Profession and Worship: And Almighty God being the only Lord of Conscience, Father of Lights and Spirits; and the Author as well as Object of all divine Knowledge, Faith and Worship, who only doth enlighten the Minds, and persuade and convince the Understanding of People, I do hereby grant and declare, That no Person or Persons, inhabiting in this Province or Territories, who shall confess and acknowledge One almighty God, the Creator, Upholder and Ruler of the World; and profess him or themselves obliged to live quietly under the Civil Government, shall be in any Case molested or prejudiced, in his or their Person or Estate, because of his or their conscientious Persuasion or Practice, nor be compelled to frequent or maintain any religious Worship, Place or Ministry, contrary to his or their Mind.…
William Penn's Charter of Privileges can be seen as a forerunner to the First Amendment to the Constitution.
415. The following statement is form Patrick Henry, March 23, 1775:
Let us not, I beseech you sir, deceive ourselves. Sir, we have done everything that could be done, to avert the storm which is now coming on. We have petitioned; we have remonstrated; we have supplicated; we have prostrated ourselves before the throne, and have implored its interposition to arrest the tyrannical hands of the ministry and Parliament. Our petitions have been slighted; our remonstrances have produced additional violence and insult; our supplications have been disregarded; and we have been spurned, with contempt, from the foot of the throne. In vain, after these things, may we indulge the fond hope of peace and reconciliation. There is no longer any room for hope.… It is in vain, sir, to extenuate the matter. Gentlemen may cry, Peace, Peace, but there is no peace. The war is actually begun! The next gale that sweeps from the north will bring to our ears the clash of resounding arms! Our brethren are already in the field! Why stand we here idle? What is it that gentlemen wish? What would they have? Is life so dear, or peace so sweet, as to be purchased at the price of chains and slavery? Forbid it, Almighty God! I know not what course others may take; but as for me, give me liberty or give me death!
The nineteenth-century groups that most directly saw themselves as following in the tradition of Patrick Henry's call for liberty or death were the Southern secessionists.
416. The following excerpt is taken from Poems on Various Subjects, Religious and Moral written by Phillis Wheatley, 1773:
On Being Brought from Africa to America
'Twas mercy brought me from my Pagan land,
Taught my benighted soul to understand
That there's a God, that there's a Saviour too;
Once I redemption neither sought nor knew.
Some view our sable race with scornful eye,
"Their colour is a diabolic die."
Remember, Christians, Negroes, black as Cain,
May be refin'd, and join th' angelic train.
The literary success of Phillis Wheatley led to questions about the moral justification of slavery.
417. Logan's Address became very popular in the early United States because many Americans believed that Indians were a noble people who were disappearing.
418. The language of the Port Huron Statement repudiates the "New Look" foreign policy from the Eisenhower years.
419. The zamindars mentioned in the text by W.H. Moreland are best defined as Hindu aristocrats.
420. A direct effect of the expanding British presence in South Africa in the late nineteenth century was engagement in a war with South African descendants of the Dutch.
421. The passages from Paul of Aegina and Ibn Sina both exhibit a reliance upon reason and rationalistic understandings of physical phenomena.
422. The Tale of Sanehat supports the development of militarism in early Mesopotamian polities.
423. The North Atlantic Treaty was signed by participating countries because the threat from opposing states was sufficient enough to join in alliance for the sake of protection.
424. The developments described in Mao Zedong's speech regarding the cooperation of the peasant economy contributed to the decline of Chinese influence in Asia and globally.
425. The imagery in Léopold Sédar Senghor's poem "To New York" was likely inspired by the Jazz Age.
426. Mahatma Gandhi's message regarding the boycott of foreign cloth is best understood in the context of Indian efforts towards self-rule and independence.
427. The importance of ancestor worship in China during the period 600 BCE to 600 CE is supported by the practice of presenting the heir-king reverently before the shrine of his grandfather.
428. The era in Japanese history following Lord Ii's letter is known as the Meiji Restoration.
429. Both Martin Luther King, Jr.'s "Letter from a Birmingham Jail" and the National Organization for Women's Statement of Purpose emphasize the need for practical steps alongside discussions.
430. In China and regions it influenced, Confucian teachings like those from The Analects were used politically to reinforce social hierarchy.
431. The Immigration Restriction Act of 1901 in Australia serves as the cornerstone of the White Australia Policy.
432. The passage from Confucius's The Analects exemplifies the ideal of filial piety.
433. The excerpt from the Upanishads reflects the religious proposition that individual responsibility, not priestly authority, brings about spiritual evolution.
434. Comparisons of gay and lesbian couples with heterosexual married couples show that gay and lesbian couples exhibit many of the same characteristics.
435. One difference between the friendships of older and younger adults is that older adults have more cross-gender friendships.
436. Over the adult years, environment plays a bigger role than genetics in influencing longevity.
437. Metamemory refers to one's knowledge about memory.
438. The most frequently used test designed to assess a cognitive disorder is the Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE).
439. The strongest research technique for determining genetic contributions to longevity is to compare identical and fraternal twins.
440. When asked where they would like to live for the rest of their lives, most older adults say that they would prefer staying in their own home.
Here are the continued affirmative statements starting from 441:

441. Cells taken from a body and grown in a nutritional and protected culture will stop dividing when their telomere strands are gone.
442. A major difference between cancer cells and normal cells is that cancer cells have no upper limit on cell division.
443. Typically, the longest phase of grieving is characterized by disorganization and despair.
444. Thinning of the skin is regarded as a senescent change.
445. Those who spend time caring for a family member with advanced dementia are likely to experience depression.
446. When brain metabolism is disturbed by an interaction among medicines, this is referred to as polypharmacy.
447. Bibliotherapy for the bereaved involves reading about others who have had a similar loss.
448. An example of accumulating garbage within cells is lipofuscin.
449. Axl Tulip, experiencing a thin clear discharge from his penis and mild discomfort when he urinates, is most likely suffering from chlamydia and should be treated with tetracycline.
450. In adulthood, exhibitionists are characterized as unassertive.
451. Before contact with Europeans, many First Nations populations viewed gay men, lesbians, and people who assumed cross-gender roles with respect and admiration.
452. Vaginal lubrication begins between 10 to 30 seconds after the onset of arousing stimuli.
453. Androstenol, an odorous steroid well documented as a pheromone in pigs, has also been isolated in the underarm sweat of humans.
454. Cocaine inhibits sexual performance by activating the sympathetic system.
455. It is not true that the walls of the vagina become thick during menopause; they actually thin.
456. The last stage in the "coming out" process is integration.
457. The people of Inis Beag believe that menopause can produce insanity.
458. The bulk of the research evidence suggests that none of the stated options are correct.
459. The feedback loop in women which regulates the production of sex hormones includes all the listed components except for the introitus.
460. IUD use has been linked with all the mentioned outcomes.
461. A vessel's passage is considered 'innocent' where it is not prejudicial to the peace, good order, or security of the coastal State.
462. The kind of State practice required is widespread, consistent, and uniform practice, consisting both of acts and omissions.
463. Only the treaties that are in force and binding upon the parties to the dispute are considered as 'source of international law' under article 38 of the ICJ Statute.
464. The 'optional clause' in the ICJ Statute refers to the declaration deposited by a State, whereby it accepts the jurisdiction of the Court in respect of international legal disputes in relation to any other State accepting the same obligation.
465. The Caroline case serves as precedent that non-State actors can, under particular circumstances, commit an armed attack.
466. The statement that proportionality is the same as reasonableness is inaccurate.
467. In the Grootboom case in South Africa, the Supreme Court found that the state had to take reasonable steps to fulfill its obligation to the appellants under the right to housing in the Constitution.
468. The first rule of jus cogens explicitly accepted as such by the ICJ is the prohibition of genocide.
469. In cases of breaches of specific obligations protecting the collective interests of a group of States (obligations erga omnes partes) or the interests of the international community as a whole (obligations erga omnes), a non-injured State may invoke the responsibility of the culprit State.
470. The legal person of an international organisation is distinct from that of its member States, hence States may not incur liability for the debts and wrongdoings attributable to an international organisation to which they are parties.
471. For a general rule of customary law to be formed, both the elements of widespread and consistent State practice and of the opinio juris are required.
472. 'Material breach' of a treaty is the repudiation or a significant violation of the treaty and serves as a ground for the unilateral termination of the treaty.
473. A 'fundamental change of circumstances' entails that the circumstances which constituted an essential basis of the consent of the parties to be bound by the treaty have changed in a way that was not foreseen by the parties, and may be invoked as a ground for terminating or withdrawing from the treaty.
474. The Doctrine of substituted security is not associated with Natural Law thinking.
475. Olivecrona's psychological explanation of law is most powerfully refuted by the proposition that he provides no empirical evidence in support of his thesis.
476. Soft positivism accepting that the rule of recognition may include moral criteria is most inconsistent with the description that judges lack strong discretion.
477. There is an increasing recognition that retribution is a fundamental element of punishment because other justifications appear to have failed.
478. Maine was the first jurist to study the comparative aspect of law.
479. The most powerful refutation of Bentham's argument in support of codification is that the law is too complex to be codified.
480. Dworkin's basis for criticizing Posner's economic analysis of law is that it regards wealth as a value, which it is not.
481. 'Asking the women question' means attempting to expose the gender consequence of rules and practices that may seem to be objective or neutral.
482. Bentham's account of sovereignty is generally considered to be more sophisticated and acceptable than Austin's because Bentham recognizes the possibility of limiting the sovereign's power.
483. State legislatures often delegate lawmaking authority to local government bodies, which are empowered to adopt ordinances.
484. The most powerful refutation of the view that CRT opposes democratic ideals is that this is an unjustifiably narrow view of the CRT agenda.
485. The fallacy that happens when someone argues that a claim should be accepted based on evidence that is not presented but is asserted to be well known or obvious is known as appealing to self-evident truths.
486. The use of a word in two different senses in an argument is the fallacy of equivocation.
487. Attempts to gain agreement only by trying to arouse particular feelings about the subject of the argument is the fallacy of appeal to emotion.
488. A valid disjunctive syllogism is true none of the given options.
489. Appeal to authority involves arguing that a claim should be accepted based only on the evidence that an authority figure agrees with it.
490. The fallacy of reducing to an absurdity consists of characterizing an opponent's position in such a way to make it or its consequences appear to be ridiculous.
491. The fallacy of appeal to force consists of using threats to get someone to agree with an idea or to do something.
492. When someone confuses figurative language with literal language, that person might commit the fallacy of figure of speech.
493. When people argue that an idea must be true because a lot of people believe it, they commit the fallacy of ad populum.
494. In a deductively valid argument, both the premises and the conclusion are necessarily true.
495. When someone is aware of evidence that contradicts her claim but doesn't consider that evidence when making her argument, she may have committed the fallacy of suppressed evidence.
496. The reasoning "Any application is invalid if the fee hasn't been paid. Your application is invalid, so your fee must not have been paid" is an example of the fallacy of affirming the consequent.
497. A disjunctive syllogism has a major premise that takes the form of "Either A or B."
498. "Anecdotal evidence" is a fallacy that occurs when an arguer substitutes individual stories for a larger sample as support for a generalization.
499. _Cum hoc ergo prompter hoc_ is another name for the fallacy of concomitant variation.
500. When initializing the weight vector in a fully connected neural network, it should not be set to zero, as this would cause (stochastic) gradient descent to explore a very small space.
501. A statement about Naive Bayes that is incorrect is that attributes are statistically dependent on one another given the class value.
502. The L2 penalty in a ridge regression is not equivalent to a Laplace prior on the weights (False), and there is at least one set of 4 points in R^3 that can be shattered by the hypothesis set of all 2D planes in R^3 (True).
503. For the one-parameter model, mean-square error (MSE) is defined with a half term in the front because it does not matter whether the half is there or not.
504. In Yann LeCun's cake analogy, the cherry on top is reinforcement learning.
505. The dimensionality of the null space of the matrix A = [[1, 1, 1], [1, 1, 1], [1, 1, 1]] is 2.
506. The number of test examples needed to get statistically significant results should be larger if the error rate is smaller.
507. Compared to the variance of the Maximum Likelihood Estimate (MLE), the variance of the Maximum A Posteriori (MAP) estimate is lower.
508. The best description of the joint probability distribution P(X, Y, Z) for the given Bayes net X <- Y -> Z is P(X, Y, Z) = P(Y) * P(X|Y) * P(Z|Y).
509. Observing that as you increase the amount of training data, the test error decreases and the training error increases, with the train error being quite low and the test error much higher, suggests that the main reason behind this behavior is high variance.
510. If there exists a set of k instances that cannot be shattered by H, then VC(H) is less than k (False), and if two hypothesis classes H1 and H2 satisfy H1 ⊆ H2, then VC(H1) is less than or equal to VC(H2) (True).
511. Simon (1960) is associated with the administrative model of decision making.
512. A corporate manager operates at the top level of an organisation.
513. Writing skills are not recognized as a key skill of management.
514. Change is not a characteristic of a bureaucratic organization.
515. Authority refers to the power to command and direct.
516. Power distance in national cultures is a characteristic of a model by Geert Hofstede.
517. An investment decision is an example of a non-programmed decision.
518. A system that allows workers to work part of the week from home is called telecommuting.
519. The three interpersonal roles of managers are figurehead, leader, and liaison.
520. According to Lewin, Lippet, and White's 1939 experiment, authoritarian form of leadership produced the most work from participants.
521. The most basic need in Maslow's hierarchy of motivators is physiological.
522. Sale signs act as cues by indicating to a potential customer that there is a bargain to be had.
523. Considering the audiences' communications needs and engaging with them using one-way, two-way, or dialogic communications is referred to as engagement.
524. An electronic version of the spoken endorsement of an offering is known as viral marketing.
525. Willingness to pay is influenced by perceptions of the fairness of prices set, latitude of price acceptance, magnitude and frequency of purchase, price presentation, and advertising.
526. Marketing communications involves developing messages that can be understood and acted on by target audiences.
527. The marketing communications strategy of the marketing mix deals exclusively with engagement, audiences, and responses.
528. Direct selling refers specifically to marketing goods directly to the consumer in the home.
529. Influencers often help set the technical specifications for the proposed purchase and assist in the evaluation of alternative offerings by potential suppliers.
530. A small, representative group used in a survey within a large selling area is known as the sample.
531. Crisis communications have become increasingly necessary as the incidence of crises has increased due to managerial mistakes, incorrect decision making, technology failures, and uncontrollable events in the external environment.
532. The scenario where salespeople are encouraged to ask probing questions of customers to identify their interests and then tailor a presentation to show how the product satisfies their wants best represents a need-satisfaction presentation format.
533. When customers assess prices, they estimate value using pricing cues because they do not always know the true cost and price of the item they are purchasing.
534. A more comprehensive set of data than that traditionally used to provide marketing information and customer insights is referred to as big data.
535. The three broad groups of consumer segmentation criteria are behavioral, psychological, and profile criteria.
536. High-contact services occur when customers visit the service facility so that they are personally involved throughout the service delivery process.
537. The allele associated with sickle cell anemia reached a high frequency in some human populations due to the superior fitness of heterozygotes in areas where malaria was present.
538. RFLP analysis is a technique that uses hybridization to detect specific DNA restriction fragments in genomic DNA.
539. Repeat core sequences consisting of 2, 3, or 4 base pairs are known as microsatellites.
540. Marfan syndrome is caused by mutations in the gene which encodes fibrillin.
541. If an autosomal recessive disorder showing Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium has an incidence of 1 in 6400, then the frequency of carriers is approximately 1 in 40.
542. Tracing of a cell lineage during development means that the cells giving rise to and derived from a specific cell are known.
543. Mutations which occur in body cells that do not go on to form gametes can be classified as somatic mutations.
544. Assuming that the level of glucose is low, a mutation in the repressor of the lac operon in E. coli, preventing binding of the repressor to the operator, should result in constitutive expression of the lac operon genes.
545. The “sticky ends” generated by restriction enzymes allow pieces of DNA from different sources to hybridize to each other and to be joined together.
546. The presence of an extra digit is referred to as polydactyly.
547. Heritability is a measure of the proportion of variation that is due to genetic causes.
548. The American colony known for its religious tolerance that Roger Williams founded in 1636 is Rhode Island.
549. March is one of the months that has 31 days.
550. A student who earns a JD can begin his or her career as a lawyer.
Here are the affirmative statements continued from 551:

551. The buildup of military forces and the formation of a rigid military alliance system were major causes of the First World War.
552. The revenue of Peugeots sold in France per year, as of 2013, is approximately $20 billion.
553. In Mister Rogers' theme song, he asks you to be his neighbor.
554. Barium belongs to the Alkaline Earth metal group.
555. There are four quarts in a gallon.
556. The item most commonly kept in a terrarium is plants.
557. Approximately 60,000,000 balloons would be required to fill the Empire State Building, which is about 100 stories tall.
558. Deciduous is not a type of rock.
559. A piece of iron that is not a permanent magnet will be attracted to the north pole of a permanent magnet by a magnetic force.
560. An animal produces milk when it lactates.
561. Hopping is a skill that must be mastered before a child can learn to skip.
562. The last book of the New Testament is Revelation.
563. Gill's response to Kass's argument that the notion of being "better off dead" is incoherent acknowledges that, even if the notion is incoherent, there's nothing incoherent about preferring to be dead.
564. According to Locke, our natural rights are bestowed on us by God.
565. Lukianoff and Haidt postulate that social media has helped to combat the rise of vindictive protectiveness.
566. Fine argues that states are not clubs because both A and B.
567. According to Singer, thinking ethically is all about putting yourself in the place of others.
568. In Altman's terminology, hate speech couched in the discourse of science would qualify as "low value" speech in a university context.
569. Courage is an example of a virtue.
570. According to Marquis, the benefits of his position on abortion include getting around problems with personhood accounts such as how to account for infanticide being wrong.
571. The main difference between "actual act principles" (like the harm principle) and "internal principles" (like the universalizability principle) is that internal principles focus on the agent's motives for acting.
572. In response to Sandel's "social justice" argument, Kamm argues that all of the above.
573. According to retributivist theories of punishment, those who break the law should be punished because they deserve it.
574. According to Gardiner, an important implication of the fact that carbon dioxide is a long-lived greenhouse gas is all of the above.
575. The doctrine of double effect is so named because it concerns cases in which performing an action would have at least one good effect and one bad effect.
576. Gill describes Kass, Pelegrino, and Callahan as arguing that the withdrawal of life-sustaining treatment is morally acceptable while physician-assisted suicide is not because the main intention of physicians who withdraw treatment is to relieve suffering, not kill the patient.
577. Reiman raises objections to the arguments presented by van den Haag.
578. According to ordinary moral standards in the US as of 2020, not thinking a person's spouse is attractive and deciding not to ask them out even if they were unmarried is not wrong, but chasing a sibling with a hot iron is clearly morally wrong.
579. According to ordinary moral standards in the US as of 2020, being worried about property values when a black family moves onto one's block is wrong, as is letting a rabid dog loose in a nursing home, which is also wrong.
580. According to ordinary moral standards in the US as of 2020, calling the police on a spouse for slapping oneself is not wrong, and keeping a gun safe locked because of having toddlers in the house is also not wrong.
581. According to ordinary moral standards in the US as of 2020, watching a driver speed up to avoid a cat in the road is not wrong, and surprising a girlfriend who has a fur allergy with a hairless cat is also not wrong.
582. According to ordinary moral standards in the US as of 2020, being worried about prejudice when a black family moves onto one's block is not wrong, and cutting one's lawn at 10am is also not wrong.
583. According to ordinary moral standards in the US as of 2020, speaking to one's mother on the phone during an entire lunch break is not wrong, and turning in an envelope full of money found at the bank is also not wrong.
584. According to ordinary moral standards in the US as of 2020, keeping all knives in the house in the bottom cabinet so a preschooler can reach them is wrong, but rushing to the store and getting fingerprints on the window is not wrong.
585. According to ordinary moral standards in the US as of 2020, cooking a juicy steak for a friend who is a magician is not wrong, but stuffing jewelry down one's pants while working the floor is wrong.
586. According to ordinary moral standards in the US as of 2020, using a scrub brush to clean the toilet is not wrong, and discovering the bedroom is on fire and waking one's husband is also not wrong.
587. According to ordinary moral standards in the US as of 2020, spending a child support check on food and clothes for a side partner is wrong, and having a landfill full of discarded sexual partners is also wrong.
588. According to ordinary moral standards in the US as of 2020, paying a tutor to explain the meaning of a question from homework to do better in a college course is not wrong, and cutting a granddaughter's hair while she is pampered is also not wrong.
589. According to ordinary moral standards in the US as of 2020, being upset and sticking a fork in the toaster is wrong, and embracing one's sister's newly widowed husband to show interest is also wrong.
590. According to ordinary moral standards in the US as of 2020, sprinkling some spicy chili powder into a girlfriend's steak is not wrong, but skipping school to play video games in the house is wrong.
591. According to ordinary moral standards in the US as of 2020, breaking a record player is wrong, but putting gas in random cars' gas tanks is not wrong.
592. According to ordinary moral standards in the US as of 2020, feeling full of laughter when passing by a car accident is wrong, but taking a child to the mall and forgetting where in the mall the store is located is not wrong.
593. Plasma lipoproteins have a hydrophobic core of triacylglycerol and cholesterol esters.
594. "Prediabetes" is correctly described as a condition characterized by an increased risk for the future development of type 2 diabetes.
595. Mechanisms potentially accelerating age-related cognitive decline, as of 2020 medical knowledge, include all of the above.
596. Regarding macrobiotic and vegan diets, it is not true that they are low in sugar.
597. On average, obese people have a higher basal metabolic rate (BMR) than lean people, mainly because the body of the obese has more lean mass (fat-free mass).
598. Phytic acid inhibits non-haem iron bioavailability the most.
599. Vitamin B6 is involved in the transamination of amino acids.

601. The immediate source of chemical energy that can be used by skeletal muscle tissue to allow muscle contraction is ATP.
602. The functions of dietary fat include all options given.
603. An increase in the rate of tissue protein synthesis will result from increased insulin secretion in the fed state.
604. A decrease in plasma calcium concentration can be contributed to by the action of calcitonin on the kidney.
605. Starch is the type of carbohydrate that cannot be metabolised by oral bacteria.
606. Entitlements to food mean the pathways through which people access food, whether by production, purchase, social protection programmes, or other means.
607. The "fear of becoming fat" observed in patients with AN is best understood as an overvalued idea.
608. One of the aims of philosophy is to think critically about whether there are good reasons for adopting our beliefs. Reasons are considered "good reasons" if they are consistent with everyday experience and take into account objections, are acceptable to impartial third parties, and avoid undesirable consequences.
609. The existence of a form of mental illness known as multiple personality disorder seems to suggest that the mind is divisible.
610. Singer’s argument begins with the assumption that suffering and death from lack of food, shelter, and medical care are bad.
611. Interest theories of the good define goodness in terms of approval or desire.
612. Brandt views his rule-utilitarianism as a normative ethical thesis.
613. Parfit claims that choosing to save the larger number in a trade-off case reflects an equal concern for the survival of each, for it gives equal weight to saving each.
614. In Plato's idealism, the unchanging Ideas or "Forms" in terms of which sensible objects both exist and are known must transcend (exist beyond) the changing realm of appearances; because if Forms changed, then nothing in the experienced world could be or be identified as one determinate thing or another.
615. Epictetus claims that the most important part of philosophy deals with which principles of action are correct.
616. According to Locke, the legislative power is limited by the impartial rule of established laws.
617. According to James, indeterminism allows that the world has ambiguous possibilities.
618. The view that we ought to relieve the agony of one stranger rather than the minor pain of another is endorsed by Parfit, but not Taurek.
619. Aquinas argues that every agent acts for the sake of an end.
620. Descartes reasons that the very fact that he is thinking shows that he exists.
621. The philosophic insistence on providing a logos for the world and our experience of it might itself rely ultimately on adopting a certain mythos, insofar as philosophy assumes that it is possible and meaningful to reason about the world and experience.
622. Wolf defines a “moral saint” as a person who is as morally worthy as possible.
623. The Mogollon left their mountain homeland due to drought.
624. Part of the Inca political strategy included all the following EXCEPT the ritual sacrifice of captives of war to appease the sun god.
625. Mesopotamia is located between the Tigris and Euphrates rivers.
626. Among Inca royalty, following the death of the king, the king's body was mummified and treated as if it were alive.
627. Recent discoveries at the Cuncaicha rockshelter and Pucuncho quarry site provide evidence that Paleoindians inhabited a wide diversity of habitats, including some of the highest elevations in the New World.
628. Some argue that Homo erectus in fact comprised several related but geographically distinct species. If so, this includes Homo ergaster in Africa, Homo erectus in Asia, Homo antecessor in Europe.
629. Maize-based agriculture replaced the traditional foraging subsistence system in the Southwest around 2000 B.P.
630. Genetic analysis shows that humans and chimps have been evolving separately for about 7 million years.
631. The presence of deciduous dentition signifies that a person was very young when they died.
632. Human domination of the planet is a culmination of the development of sophisticated tools, controlled use of fire, working cooperatively, and reliance on intelligence.
633. Agriculture allows for complexity because it only takes a few people to feed many, therefore freeing up enormous labor potential.
634. The climate of Greater Australia 20,000 years ago included all the above conditions.
635. The mean size of a Homo habilis brain is roughly 700 cc.
636. An archaeologist's perspective of culture is that it consists of learned and invented adaptations or strategies for survival which are not genetically determined.
637. Kivas housed religious ceremonies.
638. Under a divorce settlement, Joan transferred her 50% ownership of their personal residence to Jim. The joint basis of the residence was $200,000. At the time of the transfer, the property's fair market value was $300,000. Joan's recognized gain is $0 and Jim's basis for the residence is $200,000.
639. Below are data from the income statement of Brown Inc: Beginning inventory finished goods $16000, Ending inventory finished goods $21000, Cost of goods sold $43000, Gross margin from sales $39000, Operating expenses – marketing and selling $20000, Net income $19000. Brown's cost of goods manufactured is $48,000.
640. BackInSoon, Inc., has estimated that a proposed project's 10-year annual net cash benefit, received each year end, will be $2,500 with an additional terminal benefit of $5,000 at the end of the tenth year. Assuming that these cash inflows satisfy exactly BackInSoon's required rate of return of 8 percent, the initial cash outlay calculated using the IRR formula is $19,090.
641. Authorization of credit memos by personnel who receive cash may permit the misappropriation of cash, which is a fraudulent activity most likely could be perpetrated due to the lack of effective internal controls in the revenue cycle.
642. Ordered from least to most favorable assuming the perspective of a rational and risk-averse investor, the (risk, return) pairs (2,2), (3,2) and (3,4) should be ordered as (3,2), (2,2), (3,4).
643. An issuer's board of directors would ordinarily not participate in supervising and monitoring the quality control testing upon the installation of a new information technology system.
644. An auditor considering whether the omission of the confirmation of investments impairs the ability to support a previously expressed unmodified opinion need not perform this omitted procedure if the results of alternative procedures that were performed compensate for the omission.
645. The market price of K-T-Lew Corporation's common stock is $60 per share, and each share gives its owner one subscription right. Four rights are required to purchase an additional share of common stock at the subscription price of $54 per share. If the common stock is currently selling "rights-on," the theoretical value of a right is closest to $1.20.
646. A true statement relating to capital budgeting is that accelerated methods of depreciation provide tax shields that are advantageous from a present-value point of view.
647. A company that accounts for a 22% investment in another company using the equity method should include in the company’s annual financial statements the company’s accounting policy for the investment.
648. When a PCAOB auditing standard indicates that an auditor “could” perform a specific procedure, the auditor should decide whether and how to perform the procedure by exercising professional judgment in the circumstances.
649. According to COSO, the strongest mechanism for monitoring control in a new foreign venture of a company headquartered in the United States with operations in 27 countries is an internal audit being performed.
650. The price of a two-year bond (face value $100), paying 4% coupons semi-annually, with a yield of 8% is $93.01.
651. A procedure a CPA would most likely include in planning a financial statement audit is determining the extent of involvement of the client's internal auditors.
652. Aln Co. incurred the following expenses during the current period: Routine ongoing efforts to improve an existing product $50000, Trouble-shooting in connection with breakdowns during commercial production $75000, Routine testing of products during commercial production for quality-control purposes $100000. The total amount of research and development expense incurred by Aln during the current period is $0.
653. When a buyer and a seller executed a valid contract for the sale of a house, the buyer gave the seller $1,000 as earnest money. The contract noted that the earnest money tendered would be applied to the purchase price at the time of sale but was silent as to remedies in the event of any default. Just before the closing, the buyer lost her job. The buyer told the seller that she could no longer purchase the house and asked him to return the earnest money. The seller accurately told the buyer that the seller's actual losses exceeded the amount of the earnest money; that if the seller sued the buyer for damages, he would receive a minimum of $5,000; and that it would be difficult for him to sell the house in the current market. The buyer should not get the earnest money back because the seller's actual losses exceeded the amount of the earnest money.
654. Without a warrant, police officers searched the garbage cans in the alley behind a man's house and discovered chemicals used to make methamphetamine, as well as cooking utensils and containers with the man's fingerprints on them. The alley was a public thoroughfare maintained by the city, and the garbage was picked up once a week by a private sanitation company. The items were found inside the garbage cans in plastic bags that had been tied closed and further secured with tape. The man was charged in federal court with the manufacture of methamphetamine. The search of the garbage cans did not violate the Fourth Amendment because the man had no reasonable expectation of privacy in garbage left in the alley.
655. A man borrowed $500,000 from a bank, securing the loan with a mortgage on a commercial building he owned. The mortgage provided as follows: "No prepayment may be made on this loan during the first two years after the date of this mortgage. Thereafter, prepayment may be made in any amount at any time but only if accompanied by a prepayment fee of 5% of the amount prepaid." One year later, the man received an unexpected cash gift of $1 million and wished to pay off the $495,000 principal balance still owed on the loan. Concerned that the bank might refuse prepayment, despite a rise in market interest rates in the year since the loan was made, or at least insist on the 5% prepayment fee, the man consulted an attorney concerning the enforceability of the above-quoted clause. There is no applicable statute. The attorney is likely to say that the two-year prepayment prohibition is unenforceable, but the prepayment fee provision is enforceable.
656. A woman and a defendant entered into an arrangement where the woman promised to pay the defendant $10,000 to act as a surrogate mother. In return, the defendant agreed to be implanted with the woman's embryo and carry the baby to term. The woman paid the defendant the $10,000 upfront. During the seventh month of the pregnancy, the defendant changed her mind and decided to keep the child herself. The defendant moved out of state and gave birth to the baby, which she refuses to turn over to the woman. The defendant is guilty of no crime.
657. A rescuer was driving on an isolated portion of a country road. His headlights caught a figure lying at the side of the road. The rescuer stopped to investigate and found a victim, who was bleeding from head wounds and appeared to have been severely beaten. The rescuer then lifted the victim into his car and drove her to the hospital, a half-hour trip. When they arrived at the hospital, the rescuer carried the victim into the emergency room. He left her with a nurse and then returned home. Although the victim recovered from her injuries, she sued the hospital for malpractice, claiming that she was not promptly given medical attention. At trial, the nurse proposes to testify that when the victim was first brought to the hospital, she was unconscious. The victim's attorney objects and moves to strike the nurse's testimony. The trial judge should overrule the objection, because it is a shorthand rendition of what she observed.
658. A young woman who attended a rock concert at a nightclub was injured when the band opened its performance with illegal fireworks that ignited foam insulation in the club's ceiling and walls. The young woman sued the radio station that sponsored the performance. The radio station has moved for summary judgment, claiming that it owed no duty to audience members. The evidence has established the following facts: The station advertised its sponsorship on the radio and in print, distributed free tickets to the concert, and in print, distributed free tickets to the concert, staffed the event with the station's interns to assist with crowd control, and provided a station disc jockey to serve as master of ceremonies. The master of ceremonies had the authority to stop or delay the performance at any time on the basis of any safety concern. The station knew or should have known that the band routinely used unlicensed, illegal fireworks in its performances. The court should not grant the radio station's motion for summary judgment, because there is sufficient evidence of knowledge and control on the part of the station to impose on it a duty of care to audience members.
659. A state has a statute defining burglary as "the breaking and entering without privilege of any building or occupied structure with the intent to commit a felony therein. " Late one night, a burglar broke into a jewelry store located in the state. She was immediately arrested by the night security guard. When the burglar was apprehended by the security guard, she offered him $500 to let her go. The security guard agreed. The burglar then handed him the money and took with her the jewelry she intended to steal. If the security guard is later arrested, he should be found guilty for accessory after the fact to burglary.
660. Delores was furiously chatting on her cell phone while driving to work. She was so distracted that she ran down Penelope in a crosswalk. The next day, Delores visited Penelope in the hospital and said, "I will pay for all your medical expenses; I am very sorry that I was negligent." At trial, Penelope tries to testify about the statement. Upon Delores' objection, only the admission of negligence portion of the statement is admissible.
661. In 1960, a widower, advancing into old age, realizes that he is no longer able to farm his 1,000 acres; therefore, he decides to sell some of the farmland in parcels of 250 acres. The president of a development company is interested in purchasing three of the parcels. The president buys the three parcels from the widower and begins formulating plans for constructing single-family dwelling units on the land, which is located in an upper-middle-class area of the county. The original deed between the widower and the development company contains a provision expressly binding "upon all subsequent grantees, their heirs, and assigns," stipulating that any further subdivisions by any such persons shall be restricted to minimum two-acre lots to be used for single-family dwelling units only. In the original deed between the widower and the development company, the stipulation that restricted the size and residential character of any subsequent subdivision of the parcels is an example of a negative covenant.
662. A registered pharmacist was falsely told by his best friend one day that the friend needed a dangerous drug for an experiment he was conducting with rats in his lab. Unbeknownst to the pharmacist, his friend used the drug to poison his girlfriend. The poison killed her. The pharmacist was aware that his best friend had a volatile relationship with his girlfriend. A statute in the jurisdiction provides: "Any intentional and premeditated killing or one occurring during the perpetration of a felony, is murder in the first degree. Murder in the second degree is murder with intent to cause serious bodily harm. Manslaughter is an unlawful killing due to recklessness. " Assault with intent to kill or to cause serious physical injury is a felony in the jurisdiction. There are no separate felonies relating to adulterating food or poisoning. Finally, it is a misdemeanor in the jurisdiction to distribute drugs without a prescription. The most serious crime for which the pharmacist can properly be convicted is selling drugs without a prescription.
663. On October 1, Arthur mailed to Madison an offer to sell a tract of land located in Summerville for $13,000.  Acceptance was to be not later than October 10.  Madison posted his acceptance on the 3rd of October.  The acceptance arrived on October 7.  On October 4, Arthur sold the tract in question to Larson and mailed to Madison notice of the sale.  That letter arrived on the 6th of October, but after Madison had dispatched his letter of acceptance.  There was a valid acceptance of the Arthur offer on the day Madison posted his acceptance.
664. A man and a woman conspired to rob a local bank. After entering the bank, they pulled out guns and ordered everyone to the floor. They demanded money from the tellers but, unknown to them, one of the tellers activated a silent alarm. Within minutes, the bank was surrounded by police officers. A standoff ensued for several hours with the man and the woman barricaded inside the bank with several hostages. The man decided to try and make a getaway. He took the bank manager and, using her as a human shield, exited the bank. A shooting ensued, and both the man and the bank manager were killed by the police. This jurisdiction follows the agency theory of felony murder. The woman is charged with felony murder for the deaths of the man and the bank manager. The woman's attorney has filed a motion to dismiss both charges. The court should grant the motion regarding the man's death, but deny the motion regarding the death of the bank manager.
665. During the murder trial of a defendant, the prosecution presented four witnesses to the brutal slaying of the victim. The evidence pointed to the fact that the defendant beat her about the head and neck with a baseball bat, causing severe injuries to her brain and her ultimate death. The prosecution rested, and the defendant presented two witnesses, his brother and his girlfriend, who testified that the defendant was dining at an elegant restaurant on the other side of town at the time of the alleged murder. The defendant presented no other witnesses. During his closing argument to the jury, the assistant district attorney called attention to the fact that the prosecution witnesses had no apparent reason to have any bias toward the prosecution or against the defendant. He then noted that the defendant's witnesses had clear motives to falsify their testimony and favor the defendant. The assistant district attorney added, "If the defendant was on the other side of town, why didn't he tell us himself? Why didn't he get on the stand? What was he hiding? Those are questions for you, the jury, to answer. "The defendant was convicted of first-degree murder and sentenced to life imprisonment. On appeal, his conviction should be reversed, because the assistant district attorney's argument violated the defendant's rights under the Fifth and Fourteenth Amendments.
666. A pedestrian was walking in front of a hotel in the downtown area when a chair was thrown from an unidentified window. The chair struck the pedestrian on the head, knocking her unconscious. When the pedestrian recovered consciousness, she found herself in a nearby hospital with a doctor in attendance. An examination revealed that the pedestrian had suffered a concussion and severe head lacerations. A subsequent investigation revealed that the chair had, in fact, been thrown from a window at the hotel. None of the hotel's employees or guests, however, admitted culpability for the incident. If the pedestrian asserts a claim against the hotel for negligence, the doctrine of res ipsa loquitur will not enable her to recover because the chair was not within the control of the hotel at the time the pedestrian was injured.
667. A collector had an extensive collection of sports memorabilia, which included baseball cards, autographed bats, balls, and old uniforms. The collector would often attend regional shows where he would display his vast collection and meet with other sports enthusiasts. One day at a sports memorabilia show, the defendant approached the collector with an old baseball glove with what appeared to be an authentic signature of a famous player. Unknown to the collector, the defendant signed the glove himself. The defendant had practiced the distinctive signature of the famous player for several hours before signing the glove with an extremely good likeness of his signature. The collector examined the glove and asked the defendant if the signature was authentic. The defendant replied that he had purchased the glove at an auction and could not vouch for the authenticity of the signature. The collector paid the defendant for the glove. Later, the collector took the glove to a handwriting expert who informed the collector that the signature on the glove was a very skillful fake, but a fake, nonetheless. The defendant is guilty of false pretenses and forgery.
668. An 84-year-old female is diagnosed with a third recurrence of breast cancer that has now metastasized to the brain and lungs. She does not wish to pursue further treatment at this time despite being advised that this is a terminal condition. Her family insists on trying both radiation and chemotherapy in hopes that the cancer will again be successfully treated. It is the duty of the physician to protect the patient's autonomy.
669. A cohort study is conducted to compare the incidence of adverse effects of a recently approved antihypertensive pharmacotherapy with that of conventional therapy. A total of 20,000 patients are enrolled. Twelve thousand are prescribed the recently approved therapy, and 8,000 are prescribed conventional therapy. Patients in the study and control groups are matched for baseline blood pressure, age, and gender. Data are collected from the records of the patients' ongoing clinical care. Results show that those receiving the newly approved treatment have twice the incidence of fatigue compared with those receiving the conventional treatment. The results are statistically significant (p=0.01). The most likely potential flaw that could invalidate this study is selection bias.
670. A 55-year-old man is brought to the emergency department by his wife because he told her he did not want to live anymore. During the past 6 weeks, he has experienced fatigue, loss of interest in usual activities, a 7-kg (15-lb) weight loss, and insomnia. He has no history of serious medical or psychiatric illness. Vital signs are temperature 37.0°C (98.6°F), pulse 80/min, respirations 16/min, and blood pressure 140/82 mm Hg. Physical examination discloses no abnormalities. Beck Depression Inventory score is 35 (severely depressed). He says he feels guilty that his investments have not done well and that he has ruined his family finances. He reports he hears voices at night telling him he has sinned. In addition to olanzapine, the best treatment option for this patient is fluoxetine.
671. A 14-year-old girl with a 9-year history of type 1 diabetes mellitus is brought to the physician by her mother for a follow-up examination. She has been admitted to the hospital twice in the past 3 months because of diabetic ketoacidosis. She previously had been compliant with monitoring her blood glucose concentration and with her diet and insulin regimen. She acknowledges that, when she is with her peers, she eats whatever she wants and does not check her blood glucose concentration. She adds, "I'm embarrassed to inject myself in front of them." The physician is having a great deal of difficulty with her 15-year-old son who has been truant from school and sneaking out of the house. She says to the patient, "You should be ashamed for not taking care of yourself. We've all worked so hard to keep you healthy." The term that best describes the physician's reaction to the patient is countertransference.
672. A 70-year-old woman comes to the office for an annual health maintenance examination. She describes a 1-year history of slowly progressive fatigue, diffuse muscle aches, and generalized pain. Medical history is significant for osteoporosis diagnosed 5 years ago. Medications include alendronate and calcium supplementation. Vital signs are normal. Physical examination is unremarkable for her age, with no point tenderness on palpation. Results of complete blood count, serum electrolyte and thyroid-stimulating hormone concentrations, liver function tests, and erythrocyte sedimentation rate are all within the reference ranges. Screening mammography and colonoscopy done 1 year ago disclosed no abnormalities. The most appropriate next step in evaluation is a serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D assay.
673. A 6-day-old breast-fed boy is brought to the emergency department by his mother because of poor weight gain and irritability since delivery, and a 2-hour history of vomiting. Physical examination shows jaundice and hepatomegaly. A reducing substance test result of the urine is positive, and a glucose oxidase test result is negative. The concentration of the metabolite most likely increased in the liver of this patient is galactose 1-phosphate.
674. For 8 weeks, a 52-year-old man with a 5-year history of type 2 diabetes mellitus has had deep burning pain in the ball of his right foot and big toe when the foot is raised above chest concentration. He also has cramping in his right calf when he walks more than 50 feet. He has smoked two packs of cigarettes daily for 30 years. Femoral pulses are palpable; pedal pulses are absent. The most likely diagnosis is femoral popliteal stenosis.
675. A 56-year-old man comes to the emergency department because of a 4-day history of colicky right flank pain that radiates to the groin and hematuria. Ultrasound examination of the kidneys shows right-sided hydronephrosis and a dilated ureter. The most likely finding on urinalysis is uric acid crystals.
676. A 45-year-old man with AIDS comes to the community health center because of a 1-week history of fever, chills, sweating, mild shortness of breath, and nonproductive cough. Medical history is also remarkable for pneumonia 3 years ago that required hospitalization. Today, he says that he lost his job 6 months ago, is now homeless, and cannot afford to buy his antiretroviral medications. Vital signs are temperature 38.6°C (101.5°F), pulse 82/min, respirations 20/min, and blood pressure 116/72 mm Hg. Pulse oximetry on room air shows an oxygen saturation of 97%. The health center is very busy with several patients waiting to be evaluated. The most appropriate next step is to place masks on the patient and yourself and then continue to evaluate him.
677. A 19-year-old woman noticed a mass in her left breast 2 weeks ago while doing monthly breast self-examination. Her mother died of metastatic breast cancer at the age of 40 years. Examination shows large dense breasts; a 2-cm, firm, mobile mass is palpated in the upper outer quadrant of the left breast. There are no changes in the skin or nipple, and there is no palpable axillary adenopathy. The most likely diagnosis is fibroadenoma.
678. A 2-week-old newborn is brought to the physician because his lips have turned blue on three occasions during feeding; he also sweats during feeding. He was born at 38 weeks' gestation and weighed 2466 g (5 lb 7 oz); he currently weighs 2778 g (6 lb 2 oz). His temperature is 37.8°C (100°F), pulse is 170/min, respirations are 44/min, and blood pressure is 75/45 mm Hg. A grade 3/6 harsh systolic ejection murmur is heard at the left upper sternal border. An x-ray of the chest shows a small boot-shaped heart and decreased pulmonary vascular markings. The most likely diagnosis is Tetralogy of Fallot.
679. A 72-year-old woman comes to the physician because of a 3-day history of fever, shortness of breath, difficulty swallowing, chest pain, and cough. She is frail. Physical examination shows tachypnea and equal pulses bilaterally. Percussion of the chest shows dullness over the right lower lung field. Laboratory studies show arterial hypoxemia and decreased PCO2. A chest x-ray shows an area of opacification in the lower region of the right lung. The most likely cause of this patient's condition is aspiration.
680. A 24-year-old woman comes to the office for a routine health maintenance examination. She has been generally healthy for the past year. She is 155 cm (5 ft 1 in) tall and weighs 68 kg (150 lb); BMI is 28 kg/m2 . Vital signs are temperature 37.0°C (98.6°F), pulse 60/min, respirations 18/min, and blood pressure 118/54 mm Hg. Physical examination shows several small (<1 cm), smooth, slightly irregular, mobile, mildly tender lymph nodes palpable in her left groin just below the inguinal ligament. The most likely source of this lymphadenopathy will be found in the vulva.
681. An obese 33-year-old woman has had four 12-hour episodes of severe, sharp, penetrating pain in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen associated with vomiting but no fever. She has no diarrhea, dysuria, or jaundice and is asymptomatic between episodes. There is slight tenderness to deep palpation in the right upper quadrant. The most appropriate next step in diagnosis is ultrasonography of the upper abdomen.
682. A 25-year-old man with Down syndrome and mild mental retardation is brought to the office by his parents. He is their only child, and they are concerned that his current lifestyle is increasing his risk for coronary artery disease and stroke. The patient has a systolic murmur and also underwent surgical repair of an atrial septal defect at 1 year of age. He has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for 5 years. He lives in a group home and works about 25 hours each week in a fast-food restaurant. He has a few friends and is romantically involved with a woman from his church group. The patient is 157 cm (5 ft 2 in) tall and weighs 91 kg (200 lb); BMI is 36 kg/m2 . Vital signs are normal. A grade 2/6 systolic murmur is heard best at the apex. The parents would like him to stop smoking and follow a healthier diet, and they feel the only way to monitor and control his behavior is for him to move back into their home. They request your assistance in obtaining legal guardianship of their son. The most appropriate initial recommendation is to initiate a family meeting to discuss the parents' concerns with their son.
683. The statement that best exemplifies criterion-referenced (as opposed to norm-referenced) measurement is that Alice answered 63% of the items correctly.
684. Justice primarily involves recognizing fairness for all persons.
685. Miranda M., age 32, makes an appointment with you at the recommendation of her physician who has diagnosed her recurrent headaches as the result of stress. The woman tells you that a friend of hers was trained in self-hypnosis for tension headaches and says that she also wants training in self-hypnosis. You took a weekend workshop on hypnosis in graduate school but have not used it in your clinical practice. As an ethical psychologist, you should admit your lack of expertise in the use of self-hypnosis and refer the woman to another therapist.
686. During a session, co-therapists leading a group that has been meeting for 6 months have ‘philosophical differences on how to deal with two members’ concerns. According to Yalom, the most helpful intervention would be for the co-therapists to disagree openly in the group session.
687. A client's insurance company pays 75% of a client’s therapy fee, while the client is required to pay the remaining 25%. The client asks you to bill the insurance company at a higher hourly rate so that he will not have to pay his 25% co-payment. If you do so, you will be acting illegally and unethically.
688. According to classical test theory, the variance of the obtained test scores is equal to the sum of the true score variance and the error variance.
689. An experimental psychologist with a Ph.D. wants to become a clinical psychologist. According to the APA’s General Guidelines for Providers of Psychological Services, he must complete doctoral-level coursework and training in clinical psychology.
690. When the kappa statistic for a measure is .90, this indicates that the measure has adequate inter-rater reliability.
691. When faced with an approach-avoidance conflict, the closer we get to the goal, the stronger our desire to avoid it.
692. Dr. La-Keysha Leonard, a licensed psychologist, has been seeing a prison inmate in group therapy for several months and is asked by the parole board to evaluate the inmate to assist with their decision regarding his parole. As an ethical psychologist, Dr. Leonard should refuse to evaluate the inmate for the purpose of parole.
693. Dr. Stern is a psychologist who assists with hiring and promotion decisions at a mental health clinic. She recommends that one of the psychologists not be considered for promotion because of an unresolved charge of sexual harassment against him. This is a violation of the provisions of the Ethics Code.
694. Research on the sexual misconduct of therapists has found that therapists who have sex with their clients are more likely than those who do not to have a history of non-sexual dual relationships with clients.
695. In taking a personality inventory, some examinees can fake “good”. The testing technique that is probably the best correction for this response bias is using an empirically derived correction.
696. During a discussion with a 4th grade teacher, the teacher tells a school psychologist that one of her students is constantly disrupting the class. After evaluating the child and obtaining more information about the situation, the psychologist concludes that the teacher's approach with the child is part of the problem. Consequently, the psychologist should explain to the teacher how her approach may be exacerbating the problem.
697. Pro bono work is encouraged by the Ethics Code.
698. One important step in public relations that sets it apart from the fields of marketing and advertising is two-way communication.
699. A statement that is NOT true of a crisis management team is that a lawyer should be included in the team.
700. The primary public relations activity in financial relations is producing the annual report.
701. Stakeholders who are unaware of their connection to an organization with respect to a particular issue are described as latent publics.
702. The challenge for Montpellier Marketing Communications in their work for the Cheltenham Festival was to improve the perception of the festival for retailers.
703. Behavior study is not a type of research that could be used for the purposes of evaluation.
704. Media convergence is best defined as information being delivered in different formats via various digital channels.
705. The first British newspaper was printed in Oxford.
706. To celebrate its 100th anniversary, a company wants to publish a coffee-table book of photos depicting the company's history, but it cannot reprint unpublished photos without the original photographer's permission, even if the photography studio has been out of business for 20 years.
707. If a prepared speech contains inaccuracies about a biomass plant's operations, one should address the inaccuracies with the supervisor immediately and make the necessary corrections before giving the speech.
708. Solis and Breakenridge coined the term PR 2.0 inspired by the reinvention of PR as a result of new media.
709. Community relations are strategies associated with developing positive relationships between an organization and its public.
710. Social constructivism argues that security can be constructed and that the human world is not given or natural but instead is a product of human actors.
711. Chemical weapons have had a moderate effect on a well-equipped army in conventional warfare, yet the concern remains about the impact of a terrorist chemical attack on civilian populations.
712. Disease threatens security directly and indirectly, as it affects both the health of individuals and their ability to perform vital roles within the wider society.
713. Environmental change does not undermine human security in isolation; larger scale processes affect people's sensitivity to environmental changes and their capacity to adapt.
714. According to Waltz, a state can achieve security by ensuring it has the power to protect itself from attack, gained either through internal or external balancing.
715. From a critical perspective, postcolonialism relates to security studies by critiquing how historical narratives shape present security practices and discourses.
716. The network form of organization is described as all of these options.
717. Historical materialism is interested in how changes in particular structures and the inequalities of power associated with them are vital to the rise and fall of discourses.
718. Greedy states seek to advance their power through territorial expansion even when secure in the status quo, while security seeker states only want to be secure in the status quo.
719. Cooperation between states does not eradicate the propensity for states to cheat on agreements such as arms control or disarmament deals.
720. Examination of previous state practice and policy can justify humanitarian intervention by suggesting a customary right of intervention in response to humanitarian emergencies.
721. According to Classical economic theory, Mercantilism in the 18th century was a means by which to strengthen the sovereign state and inherently linked to international conflict.
722. The type of sanctions common since the end of the Cold War often involves denying normal economic relations with the business associates and family of an opposing leader.
723. Social constructivism offers to the discipline of Security Studies the possibility of moving beyond the logic of anarchy that underpins the realist approach.
724. Although the bulk of the defense trade is legal, a certain amount is illicit and involves transfers on the black and grey markets.
725. Scientific management involved all of the described aspects.
726. In Patterson's study of Brixton, it was found that all of the described findings were true.
727. The 1944 Education Act provided free secondary education for all.
728. The functionalist theory of inequality suggests that high rewards and incentives ensure that the most skilled individuals will take the most important social positions.
729. It is difficult to ascertain the true extent of domestic violence because there is a large 'dark figure' of unreported incidents.
730. Wirth (1938) said that social relationships in the urban way of life were 'segmental' because people knew each other only through specific, situational roles, and not as whole, rounded individuals.
731. Society cannot be studied in the same way as the natural world because human behavior is meaningful and varies between individuals and cultures.
732. A social stratum is a level in the social hierarchy, comprising people with shared life chances.
733. Foucault's term 'biopolitics' refers to forms of knowledge such as demographic statistics, which allow us to map and measure populations.
734. Weber said that all knowledge is 'value-relevant' because theorists interpret the world in terms of their own values.
735. Urbanization occurred in the nineteenth century because industrial capitalism led to a shift of population from rural to urban areas.
736. The view of anti-psychiatrists like Scheff was that mental illness was all of the above.
737. The 'two-sex' model that Laqueur (1990) identified distinguished between male and females as separate sexes.
738. Despite the introduction of a national curriculum in 1988, girls continued to face disadvantages in education because of all of the above.
739. The New Right did not suggest the tendency for cohabitation before marriage as evidence of declining family values.
740. Alexander Hamilton pursued policies such as tariffs to protect American manufacturing, the establishment of a national bank, and the repayment of all debts to build the American economy.
741. Relations with Russia under George H.W. Bush involved cautious support for Gorbachev and Yeltsin.
742. America's 'neutral' stance towards the belligerents in World War I between 1915 and 1917 was impinged upon by US banks funding the allies much more than Germany and Austria-Hungary.
743. The original five permanent members on the UN Security Council were the United States, Soviet Union, France, Great Britain, and Republic of China.
744. Realists account for the onset of the Cold War by both the structural and ideological factors described in the options.
745. Soft power is the ways in which the values and culture of a country provide it with influence in the international system.
746. Congress opposed Wilson's proposal for the League of Nations because it feared the League would commit the US to an international alliance.
747. The core reason why the US is viewed as exceptional is because of its intensely liberal character, rooted in a sense of its special mission.
748. A grand strategy of 'primacy' involves striving for American dominance in the international system.
749. Revisionists cite domestic concerns of the US as the primary cause of the Cold War.
750. George Kennan is considered the “father” of containment.
751. Diagnosis of arenavirus infection requires an RT PCR kit.
752. The odds ratio that a patient diagnosed with pancreatic cancer is a current smoker compared to a patient without pancreatic cancer is calculated as (50/90)/(60/140).
753. The incorrect fact about viruses is that the first viruses came from outer space.
754. “Test and treat” depends on all of the above.
755. Cytotoxic T cells can be activated by identifying virus peptides presented by MHC-I.
756. The best estimate of the annual incidence of hepatitis C infection in IV drug users in town A is 1,100/10,000.
757. Genetically, the flaviviruses are positive stranded and are ssRNA viruses with capped and polyadenylated RNA.
758. The primary goal of public health is to protect the uninfected.
759. The morphology of the herpes virion is a compact icosahedron structure.
760. The best study design to investigate the hypothesis that acetaminophen use during the first trimester of pregnancy can cause neural tube defects is an Ecologic Study.
761. Virus nucleocapsids are either icosahedral or helical.
762. Ninety percent of the population have antibodies to the polyomavirus family.
763. In MSM, early syphilis was found to be associated with all of the above.
764. A major discovery of molecular biology when the adenovirus replication strategy was uncovered is the mechanism of replication of DNA.
765. The best estimate of relative risk in patients with a high baseline plasma fibrinogen level compared to patients with a normal baseline plasma fibrinogen level is calculated as (40*70)/(20*60).
766. Criminal is not a category of Shari'ah law.
767. Guru Arjan ordered the building of the Darbar Sahib, also known as the Divine Court.
768. Yamago Soko created the "way of the warrior," known as Bushido.
769. A deaconess's role included all of the above options.
770. Sees refers to the five main areas into which early Christianity was divided.
771. Augustine is the theologian who argued against Pelagius.
772. Jean Calvin is known for emphasizing the doctrine of predestination.
773. Zen was the first form of Buddhism to make significant inroads in North America.
774. The Great Cloud Sutra prophesied the imminent arrival of Maitreya (Milo).
775. Shoah is the Hebrew word used to refer to the Nazi's catastrophic program of genocide.
776. Aum Shinrikyo is the modern cult that believed Japanese society needed to be cleansed through an apocalypse.
777. Jaina devotees practice meditation or reflection for 48 minutes per day.
778. The English name for Hanukkah is The Festival of Lights.
779. Kokugaku is the movement that rejected Confucianism and Buddhism in favor of "true" Japanese spiritual traditions.
780. The Daoist concept of wuwei means non-action.
